what is up everybody and welcome to the
WAN show we've got a great show lined up
for you guys this week I forgot what the
title of the video is so um uh it's
about the the Tesla thing oh Lordy it
has been alleged according to inside
sources from Tesla that the company's
self-driving training put more weight on
training data from influencers and
Youtubers with Tesla vehicles in order
to ensure that the people who were most
likely to upload video of Full
self-driving functioning had the best
experience we're going to be talking
about that and how we feel about it what
else we got this oh wait no I was going
to do two you need to do another yeah
I'll do two I'll do two what's going on
nobody cares about the AI features on
Snapdragon X Elite whatever the order is
snapdragon X Elite laptops what no one
cares about the AI they just want
battery life that's it are you kidding
me Luke that's the whole kid me but Luke
I thought AI was all that matter could
you think of the children and their
their AI features what else we got this
week well I wanted to do that topic but
uh ryzen 9000 launched and uh Xbox game
pass increased in price because
apparently everything has to not just
increased in price also got convoluted
as all get out I can't wait to talk
about that oh dude it's B there's like
five tiers of it now five tiers 1 2 3 4
[Music]
5 the show is brought to you today by
manscaped ag1 and SE Sonic of course
alongside our secret lab chair partner
whoops I mean our chair partner secret
lab whatever the point is there's the
logo this is great northcore star says
this just in my tech illiterate ant
isn't a tech CEO obsessed with
AI you're right what no the the AI
versus battery life Snapdragon the point
is let's jump right into our headline
topic which is of course that Tesla's
self-driving well I think self-driving
is generous but then again calling it
full self-driving is also generous so
let's just call it Tesla's driving
assists shall we uh according to
Business Insider sources inside Tesla
have claimed that the company's
self-driving training puts more weight
on training data from influencers and
Youtubers with Tesla uh uh and also CEO
Elon Musk so that one is actually Mak
sense to me well no I want to unpack
that one a little bit more later first I
want to talk talk about the influencers
current and former employees say they
were instructed to put additional
resources into routes that were
frequently driven by these VIPs for
example having employees who review and
annotate footage for training having
them spend more time on footage from
these
drivers
wow if effective this strategy means
that Tesla's full self driving would be
significantly smoother and more accurate
on these routes than it would be on a
typical Road it is therefore likely to
conclude that the company wanted
high-profile drivers with large
audiences to have a better
experience without even knowing that
their experience was not representative
of what the average user would see which
is super bad this is this type of
activity is something that you have to
try to look out for as a reviewer um the
the first way that I was introduced to
it was people talking about Golden
samples yeah where companies will send
you a like known perfect version of
their product instead of just picking
one off the line and that can be a
problem especially when you're talking
about Performance Products because we
would talk about like golden sample CPUs
where a brand would send you a CPU that
is like the best possible binning which
we've tested multiple times and never
found evidence of in terms of our CPU
sampling but what what I've heard is
that it was potentially a practice in
the earlier days of tech media
especially when overclocking was a far
more important aspect of reviewing a
potential chip at one time that was like
the main that was the main thing I would
read on articles when I was a kid person
you but can you overclock the snot out
of it yeah yeah um now my question is
because obviously there's the there's
the things about this that are just
generally skey right like you you
shouldn't want to misrepresent your
product because it's going to lead to
bad experiences for your customers I
mean we discussed this in detail when we
did our video earlier this week on amd's
extremely misleading naming scheme for
their ryzen mobile processors it should
be in your best interest as a company to
accurately represent your products so
that you create brand loyalty and people
come back to you time and time
again so I'm not going to get too deep
into that right now but what I want to
talk about is is or should be
illegal because
technically I don't think that Tesla is
violating any law nobody says that they
have to that they have to manually
annotate the footage from every user
equally they could have any number of
reasons for focusing on a particular
area oh we're doing a big focus on hilly
terrain or we're doing a big Focus we're
doing a big push on unus usual signage
or we we found that this user is in like
the bottom 1% for successful
self-driving sure so the area that
they're driving in must be highly
complicated let's try to train on that
data and figure out what's going on so
they could offer up any explanation for
this that would be at least plausible
enough that it would be difficult to
nail down Beyond reasonable doubt that
they did this simply to juice the
perception of full self-driving and bu
people into spending thousands of
dollars for a feature that is not going
to perform the way that they might
expect it to now there have been
situations where it's not really buking
I think when Tesla offered a preview of
full self-driving I believe they offered
a month was it two months they they
offered a preview of full self-driving
and many people tried it out and were
happy with it and kept it but many tried
it out and kind of went this is this is
not what I expected and did not move for
forward with the purchase but there have
been times when I don't believe there
was a meaningful way to get a refund if
you bought it and correct me if I'm
wrong have they always offered the
option to return within 30
days I have no clue I would love to hear
you I would love to hear from you
guys no not always yeah I did I didn't
think so I was pretty sure there were
times when they were basically asking
you to buy it sight unseen especially in
the earlier days when the like the beta
weren't even functional from a from a
fully self-driving perspective so at
what point do we look at this whole
thing and does this become one of the
like great scams of the 21st
century yeah I mean it's rough CU it's
been going on for half a decade now
there are still people who will attack
me for talking about how this has been
how how this has been a failed promise
how it was so obvious from the start
that still didn't weren't they the ones
that announced that it doesn't work on
Hardware 3 or whatever yeah oh but
people oh dude people are still so mad
what what is up with your Elon hateboner
or whatever else it's not it's not Elon
specific I'm sorry I can't I can't hear
you with his in your
mouth like
I my job is just to cover the tech I
don't care I don't care and any company
that lies so consistently about
something so expensive I mean look look
at it from this perspective if you
bought one of that the one of the first
Hardware 3.0 cars where they said
anything running Hardware 3.0 will be
full self-driving you could be done with
that car by
now and you never got it so someone in
the chat said hold the influencer
accountable um that doesn't work if the
influencer doesn't know how could they
know that's thing we go out of our
way sometimes
like secret shopper for example is a
situation where we are trying we are
doing everything in our power to best
replicate the average user's experience
it's extremely timec consuming it is
extremely expensive we have to bring in
essentially actors to play the role of
the customer right because I can't just
what call up star Forge or call up main
gear and and place a purchase uh when I
you know literally um know or have
interacted with the ownership of these
companies right like it it doesn't work
that way right so secret shopping going
incognito can be extremely challenging
and it's not even really applicable to a
situation like this where the only
reason they own the car it's not like
anybody gave them the car the only
reason they own the car is because
they're a customer and so as a customer
they are fully entitled to experience it
dayto day that's another thing this is
something that you can't really review
like in a week it's tough right so I
can't just I can't just hire someone to
be a a Tesla full
self-driving tester and then I mean I
guess conceivably I could but I would
have to I would have to hire them to
just drive the car around or or not all
over the place sit in car all the time
for some extended period of time
Incognito and then like funnel that data
back to me with no tie between the car
and myself and I'm just I'm looking at
it going like this is you got to
understand what you're asking sort of
these average sort of car Channel or or
technology Channel people to do like
it's not if it's average even if you're
a really big time car car Channel and
and have the funds to do that is that
what you really want to SP spend your
funds doing is dodging their training
thing so they can't tell that it's you
like the heck no yeah there's there's no
way that they could possibly be
responsible for it there are due
diligence things that we as you know
influencers or Media or journalists you
know the people who cover this stuff and
at their from their various angles right
there are things that we can do to
anonymize ourselves but in this case
they had no reason to even I mean this
is some tinfoil hat level [__] here like
that they're going through in fine
tuning the roads that full self-driving
works on to be rep to be better where I
for where I drive I mean what kind of
like narcissistic [__] would you have
to be to even think of that to even
think that the companies that makes the
products you buy are going to fine-tune
The Experience just for
you yeah yeah and I'm sure somebody
thought of it but like
I clearly it's and clearly it's real but
this just this blew my mind you could
like you could
um I could see ways if depending on the
compute in the car that you could have
it training actively specifically for
you in your
area yeah but that isn't what they do
cuz they train the model offsite and
yeah know I know I know I'm just
y now the next thing that I want to
unpack is the fact that it is
specifically tuned for the routes that
Mr musk drives now hold on this I don't
know if this is a
problem personally okay I can give my
take reason why I'm going to I'm going
to take your take sure and then I'm
going to obliterate it okay yeah I so
the the you know there's probably
something negative along with this but
the first way that I read that uh was
more based
around Elon being very open and with the
data of him driving so he's like
whatever train on this as much as you
want not
necessarily I want all my roades to be
perfect here's my two reasons it's
terrible actually there really one
reason that it's no there are two
reasons there are two reasons that it's
terrible no it's one reason the reason
okay hold on hold on cuz think about if
we did something you would want it test
it on you all the products in lt2 store
have made like for you okay but here's
the problem
if you handed me a golden sample that
was different from the one you give the
customers I would be livid all right
yeah fair enough y because you're making
a fool out of me I'm going to go out
there and I'm going to sell them on the
features and performance and quality and
then they're going to get something that
is not what I promised essentially
whether you whether you misrepresented
it to cover your own hide or whether I
am I don't know misguided enough you
should almost have like the the least
strained on data I should be the most
anonymized user so I am getting the most
real experience now I can understand
from Tesla's perspective why they don't
want his car especially to just swerve
into a telephone pole but if other
people are going to drive in it you
should be confident enough um that
you're willing to do that in exactly
yeah yeah no I'm on board now all right
y good enough but it was a good effort I
tried I so like I I it's I mean it's the
same reason why I like having customer
support close to developers yeah is
because you you need to hear and
understand the daily problems of the
users um because you know you're not
going to be able to solve every single
thing that comes up exactly but you
shouldn't be shielded from them that is
the biggest problem that I have
encountered time and time again with
management level people especially in
larger organizations is the more removed
they are from the day-to-day
operations the more they just don't have
any chance of understanding the customer
yeah and the more the more misguided
their product development gets uh even
even in an organization our size I feel
it sometimes oh yeah where I'm sitting
there going oh really and and this is
coming from someone who is reading your
chat right now this is coming from
someone who who reads comments who also
reads the daily summary getting an
outside perspective from our community
coordinator uh Steven um on what you
guys are saying it feels so official to
hear you call him Steven
chewy I still have blind spots and it's
just inherent to getting larger like
I'll find out about a okay here where's
that thing Dan I can I please have the
thing the thing you showed me before the
show the terrifying thing oh okay I
would like it oh my god oh really okay
actually okay I just about crapped
myself when I saw it's not done yeah
it's fine it doesn't matter there's
actually a lot more that's going to be
added okay this this is the process flow
there we go for the creation and
publication of an LT video what is it
missing D it's missing it's missing the
pre-production steps so that red box in
the center there there uh is the entire
pre-production steps when the video is
planned with what when it's going to be
shot where it's going to be shot what do
they need when is the shooter assigned
good flipping gravy so remember when in
the in the pre-show I pointed out how
much live stream on F plane costs yeah
one of the questions I had the first
time I saw that was how much does that
cost a lot I bet how much does every one
of those jumps take time how much time
is just in jumping that many every time
somebody orders something Logistics has
to do work every time somebody uses
something in inventory Logistics has to
do work it's I mean people keep asking
the knock on effects L has like 100
people how do they not have like a video
immediately about everything it's like
how many what percentage of them do you
think work in writing support staff is
incredibly important and so valuable and
invisible to you guys in the end product
I mean look do yourself a favor okay
next time you go to a movie in the
theater first of all give yourself a
gold star for keeping that dying
industry afloat and then second of all
don't walk out when the credit
start watch the whole list scroll by
obviously we don't operate on a
Hollywood level either in terms of our
budgets or we're not filling coliseums
with water or our production
complications but it should give you
some idea that it's not as simple as you
know lonus and two of his brosies on set
fooling around with
computers there's so many touch points
there's that many there's that many
touch points and we're not producing one
at a time yeah there's like 20 or 30
that chain is parallelized 30 times it
is insane it touches every single
Department in the company including CW
how we started doing that was we were we
were looking at our that's what that's
just this week that I've done that in
yeah and that wasn't even the original
task but now it's like the clearly more
important one um the original task was
okay we have we have teams we have slack
we have uh G Suite we have Outlook we
have uh people text each other people
Discord each other people call each
other people call each other on teams
people call each other on meet people
like oh yeah usually calls me on
Whatsapp I got to add that to yeah we
got to add that so we're trying to
figure out like what are all the
communication methods at the company and
what do people anything highly
confidential I almost always message
yvon somewhere
else just so you know as long as the
somewhere else is good then that's fine
it's good it's endend encrypted yeah
that's fine yeah I'm just saying I'm
just saying that and we don't need that
I'm just saying I'm adding it to your
list is that if something is like of the
that is how it should work if you wanted
recommendations our team no I'm good I'm
just saying it wasn't in your list so
I'm just helping yeah but so we were
trying to map yeah what communication
software do we use how does it get used
when does it get used Jamie leaves
Post-it notes for
me dear God really I'm going to cry well
did you see how many times the mirror in
my office fell down so he leaves Post-it
notes for me every time it falls down
say saying it's definitely fixed this
time and also other Post-it notes I mean
that's that's just fun that's fine keep
doing that um but yeah and then and then
this like spiderweb started forming and
uh yeah I mean this has been something
that I've wanted to look at for a long
time and it's really interesting seeing
where the potential communication
breakdowns are because for example the
entire editing stage is done through
teams DMS between the editor and the
writer and so if the writer is working
on four or five videos simultaneously
then he's managing four or five
different individual email uh teams DMS
with four or five different editors that
are in multi-stage production
right things get wacky and like some of
this stuff is going to have to keep
happening oh yeah but we need to be
aware of that so that if we pick a new
communication Suite it needs to be able
to handle these use cases that we
already have something that I'm trying
to find break the whole company because
we tried to migrate us to a different
chat client yeah um entry and exit point
for communication yes you want to buy a
thing who is notified when are you Reen
notified when that next step has
happened right it's crazy Crystal dear
asks why is there a mirror in your
office it's a fair question given the
state of my hair today but in theory I'm
an onscreen talent and should probably
know what I look like before that would
be a genuinely pretty funny flow plane
exclusive is in the I think it was the
reviewing the best rigs that we've done
over the years video uh we turned it
into like a lonus hair review partway
through if you remember that I do they
should actually do a like Linus's hair
over the years video there's some pretty
wild stuff would be kill in the early NC
Tech tips days cuz it would just be
whatever I rolled out a bed with yeah
and it would just be sometimes it'd be
Duke Nukem bleach blonde hair yeah um
there there were there were some as
appearing on camera like basically every
day with no schedule other than when I
have time to do it man I've had some
Mondo zits I've had some supremely bad
Hair Days yeah I've made a lot of
questionable fashion decisions in my
life um all of those are well
documented yeah it is what it is so
that's cool I'm I'm actually I'm going
and I'm looking right now I'm going to
I'm going to NC Tech tips here I mean
yeah I don't even know who this guy is
but don't don't worry about him who gets
the AdSense pay for this these days I
have a theory yeah like but that's just
a theory yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm not
going to say what my theory is but I I
have a theory and it's uh it's not the
most like up and up Theory but it's a
theory all right ah yeah really I think
someone's getting it yeah and I don't
think it's anyone who works at ncx yeah
well it isn't me I'll say that much that
one's good that one's good this one uh
no middle left the blonde oh oh Lordy
the super blonde oh my goodness yeah
yeah
wow let's go yeah um here here is I just
got out of bed day that's for sure uh
yeah I don't know what that is 14 years
ago I know right oh man what the
remember this cringe uh lizard hat yeah
so that was air that was airbrushed for
me on a like sidewalk in Victoria or
something nice yeah had like a a gecko
on it or something I don't even I don't
even I don't know what I was thinking
you guys I that dude that hat made a lot
of appearances though that might be it
oh it might be a different hat it
doesn't matter the point is that oh God
it's
back any so good the bleach blonde was
that was a that was a classic dbrand
wanted to bring it back I thought they
were going to sponsor me to di it again
on the show or something I'm down dbrand
come at me yeah yeah yeah it's going to
be a big bag of money or I'm not doing
it though cuz my wife is not going to be
into
it not going to be into
it uh speaking of hair stuff how's the
painting
going well I told you already that I had
to completely strip the wheels right
yeah yeah yeah yeah so I stripped one of
the wheels which took me I don't know 2
or 3 hours or something like that so I
stripped one of them down to like primer
SL bare metal thinking that they would
be close enough that if I painted the
not even close so I've got to go all the
way down to bare metal on that one so I
probably got to put like another hour
into it and then I'm going to have to do
the other wheel then I'm going to have
to try again um I don't think I'm I
don't think I'm riding the summer oh but
maybe that's okay because
I next summer it s it sucks it sucks cuz
um Ivonne is finally taking some long
overdue mat leave uh this summer so as
of last week last week or the week
before so either no last week the
beginning of last week she's not in
office for the entire summer because
she's still working I know I was giving
her a hard time yesterday because she
was like working too much she's she she
agreed to work in uh a day a week but
she's been doing more than that but any
anyway okay the point is she's finally
theoretically
taking some long overdue mat Le because
I mean you remember this back when back
back when our firstborn was an infant we
wisely founded a company together and so
she spent all the time that she had off
from her job doing this other job and
then had to go back to her old job and
effectively have two
jobs from then until like what like five
years later or something how many years
it was yeah somewhere in that
neighborhood and then at every point
where we had a kid she was working uh
and like obviously like we couldn't pay
her because she's not working or
whatever but she had a lot of stuff that
if she didn't do it it would you know if
she didn't spin those plates they would
fall and break
so so she did a lot of work even though
she was also caring for an infant which
is a full-time job um and so finally now
that our you know now that our second is
nearing the decade Mark um she's she's
getting a summer off with the kids to to
hang with kids and do kid things um so
thank goodness for that that's uh that's
amazing and I forget where I was going
with this right she doesn't really want
my hair to be blonde I think was what I
was talking about people are asking for
mine as well and I'm I'm saying Valhalla
for the company oh if they pay enough
I'm down okay all right it's going to
cost double it will look really bad on
me it will it'll look atrocious oh
you're going to look awful especially if
you keep the beard yeah you're going to
look like an idiot no one wants me to
remove so it's probably going to stay on
anyways oh I could just do both you
can't dye it okay yeah no it's it's a
completely different composition of hair
it doesn't take dye nearly as well like
you can do it like you see people that
have like you know the purple braid in
the beard or whatever like you can do it
but
it's it's a lot more like pubes yeah you
know where where it's that really wiry
it's hair that you get when you go
through puberty so it like literally is
yeah so it's it's that really wiry hair
and it just doesn't take dye nearly as
well that makes sense I don't know what
will look stupider no if you try to dye
it oh or if you just don't
try cuz your head hair you're you're
really blonde right so you're going to
go you're going to be like like white
blonde whereas I am kind of a dirty
blonde um but I tend to go more of like
a yellow and especially cuz blonde I
more pigment in my hair my
hair becomes a lot lighter when I spend
more time in the Sun and based on my
upcoming schedule I'm be spending a lot
of time in the Sun so it's going to be
quite bright anyways oh you got some
vacation coming up no I just have a lot
of plans to be outside nice yeah it's
going to be good nice yeah we're we're
going to look like idiots with matching
hair die job oh yeah would you wear the
same shirt
if they pay triple is Dan gonna do it
too is Dan talking about it wait he's
talking about doing silver yeah you
can't dye your hair silver Dan I was
wondering like does it do we do a
different color or is it both blonde oh
it has to be blonde all right are you in
I mean it's it's hell yeah it's it's
baby we should just Frost the tips puka
shells oh man we're going to have to do
a special Edition uh like shirt or
something like that polo shirt the bro
fist shirt uh but like our hair's
blond and oh but how do we integrate Dan
we got to have Dan should I just be in
the middle going like this wow and then
we'll have a couch behind it wait oh
hm as I said I'm
down I mean you saw I had a fist out
right like what did you think was going
to be happening I
mean by the way by the way since we're
getting all erotic right now anyway oh
wow yeah so so when I was when I was
touching my my chest to kind of show the
shirt I have boobies now I've been
swimming no I've been swimming probably
two of every 3 days for the last little
bit last night I did a kilometer um
which is not a ton but it's a lot more
than not swimming for a kilometer yeah
um and so I did um how do you okay just
laps yeah yeah so every every length is
about 13 M or something like that or
whatever it works out to um so so one
lap is 25 M and I go out of my way not
to push hard off the wall like I'll just
position myself but then I'll like swim
um check it out I got boobies yeah just
a little bit I can visibly see you got
to feel F so high I I don't know how yet
oh
um oh maybe a little I think I can do it
a little how do you not know to have
flex your yeah there you go a little bit
I've never had any muscle
there chest muscle is weird cuz you
don't actually really use it for like a
ton of stuff you sure Zach use it for
swimming I've been really sore dude yeah
yeah anyway honestly the that was
confusing me too have you never tried to
flex your pecs before I've never had
pectoral muscles to speak be
something guys back me up on this back
me up in the chat if you don't have like
if you're flat
chested how do you Flex a muscle that is
like so underdeveloped no idea how we
don't know see that's exactly exactly
what I'm talking
about bringing in a bodybuilder teach
lonus how to pose would be kind of sick
if you did like bodybuilding poses for
the underwear shoots no hell yeah dude I
have a
limmit I absolutely have a limit it's
surprising but it does exist um anyway
yeah know the reason that I like really
wanted to start swimming all the time
was uh it was prompted by that injury
that I got at softball night mhm cuz
I've had these persistent uh rotator
cuff here I've had some persistent
shoulder injuries and so I really
started doing it just more as like rehab
yeah just working on all the different
muscles that are so hard to use um
unless you really know what you're doing
in the gym or if you're doing a really
Dynamic activity like swimming uh so I
was like okay well I'm just going to I'm
just going to get in the pool and
justify the bloody expense and all the
work that this stupid thing has been um
and so I was I was mostly just focused
on like doing Different Strokes like
range of motion and like moving around a
lot and you know what it's been it's
been better softball night the last
softball night didn't injure myself felt
a pretty gooder I don't think I got a
home run but I got a triple um and yeah
yeah it's been it's been feeling good
and then now all of a sudden I have
booies which is like very weird for me
because I've never
really had them that I can remember like
I was I was in really good shape in late
high school when I was really into
martial arts but I was super Lean Like I
probably weighed even though I'm the
same height now and I actually still fit
into my uniform from when I was 16 which
is pretty wild
that is kind of wild but I weighed
probably 30 less pounds but mus dense
yeah but I gain muscle I
was no but that's the thing is back then
I could do 50 consecutive push-ups now I
couldn't even I could I could probably
do 15 not 50 so I don't really know
what's going on if your muscles in your
legs it won't help you do push-ups and
you haven't been training your chest
you've been training badminton which
your legs yeah I don't have a f Gap
[Laughter]
I mean I'm pretty sure you can block
that with muscle yeah that's the other
thing too like uh when I was when I was
16 I was also doing all my lifeguarding
training and stuff like I I should have
been but you're saying that your pecs
are getting stronger from swimming yeah
so what I'm saying now is your your
current muscle building activity is
strengthening your legs mostly so if
you're putting mass in your legs that's
weight that you're pushing up when
you're doing a push-up and you're not
training your chest ever and you're
trying to do 50 push-ups it's be hard
guess yeah I gu I just mean like back
then I would have thought that I a crazy
amount of training you could get back to
50 um yeah it probably wouldn't take me
all that long but it hurts cuz I'm old
and my shoulders are old I get weird
yeah like when I do like I don't
remember this work that out though it
gets better with time the next batch of
fan art is going to be epic oh my God
you just have like huge chest I had a I
had a thing where I've gotten to the
point where when I get a chest pump from
going to the gym and doing chest day the
seat belt I I can look down and there's
a gap when the seat belt crosses my
chest that was an interesting moment I
was like whoa all
right I don't know how to feel about
that theoretically it's a good thing
because it's a it's a muscle chest pump
so like it's just it's just weird it's a
weird moment all right uh what on Earth
are we supposed to be talking about Luke
do you want to pick a topic sure
um let's see
here nobody's buying co-pilot Plus for
the AI despite Microsoft and qualcomm's
heavy marketing focus on AI features
most consumers buying co-pilot plus
laptops appear to be buying them for
their competitive battery life users
also don't find these laptops exclusive
AI features like co-creator Windows
Studio Effects and live captions with
translation useful on a day-to-day basis
further many popular applications like
Adobe have simply decided not to adjust
their AI features so they run locally as
the vast majority of PCS sold this year
will not be able to run those types of
things on device anyways so you'd be
doing a bunch of development for a very
small portion of
users yep w
w i uh AI stuff is interesting AI stuff
is quite powerful yes and
and it's not necessarily beneficial when
you just force feed it into every single
thing that you make and the the bigger
the bigger issue for me is just that
it's um it's not integrated into most
things if if that kind of makes sense
like I can I can I can
AI um you know uh track separation like
some of the demos that uh that Qualcomm
is doing around these co-pilot plus PCS
legitimately super cool that track
isolation DJ thing that's awesome wild
for whoever is doing their DJ work on a
laptop and whoever uses that specific
piece of software and whoever doesn't
have access to a cleaner non AI way of
isolating that track so we're just we're
just looking at we're just looking at a
very very small subset of users and and
and you know what once that
is more broadly supported in
applications that people are going to
use which is only going to happen once
every device can support it I could see
that being part of someone's flow um and
and like an you know an average user's
flow and when I say average user I don't
mean everybody I mean an average user
who would need to do that so let's say
I'm a I'm a street performer okay I do I
I do uh performances of of mainstream
music um at a train station and I play
the guitar track myself
okay super cool I can rip the guitar in
real time essentially out of any track
that I want and you know infringement
aside yeah that's super convenient
yeah but until it's broadly supported on
Hardware you're not going to get broad
software support and until it's broadly
supported in software you're not really
going to get any kind of Market
penetration so it's a really cool demo
right now but I just don't see it I
don't see it moving the
needle Honestly though the bigger thing
for me the reason that I highlighted
this topic for the dock in the first
place was that I just don't see how
after Qualcomm spent so much time
talking about what a key point it was
for snap dragon X that they had
excellent battery life that it was a
surprise to
them that was number
one that was the most that was the most
important thing I mean everything about
this platform that we've looked at has
been something but battery
life okay the performance is solid
except when it's not but battery life
yeah compatibility is a lot better but
it's still spotty but battery life how
does the battery life compared to a
Mac solid okay I was going to say that's
the real fight here it's finally good
yes does it go to
sleep okay
that unfortunately there's no like
meaningful way to conclusively test that
and it can be really inconsistent like
one one laptop could and the other one
wouldn't so this will be like we'll have
to see with saturation and the same
laptop might sleep perfectly today and
then on Saturday I put it in my backpack
and on Monday it's a furnace in there
and I take it out and the battery's dead
and like I don't know yeah fair enough
it yeah very very frustrating but
everything we've talked about with this
platform has been like yeah there's
compromises but the battery life and I I
think that I think that something that
here hold on a second are we uh oh man
what's the oh my goodness this is really
embarrassing uh someone made a video
about our
um our Snapdragon video and I forget
their
name
uh okay
anyway
uh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah uh anyway the point the point
that I was trying to make is that when
we were when we when we talked about the
platform for us the battery life was a
major major Focus because the vast
majority of the time that people are
using their computers they're doing
something extremely light and
essentially what we want to know is how
much of a drain is the processor when
you can't turn the screen off you can't
turn the wireless connectivity off uh
like how how much is that just having
the system powered on affected by the
idle power consumption of the processor
in it and as it turns out on these
devices it's really really good and
everything else is usable enough I mean
it's not perfect um when we did our game
stream we went through I think it is it
a somewhere between 30 and 40 games I
think we made it through a lot of games
this a long stream it's like three or
four hours uh but we made it through a
lot of GES oh no Heavens know now some
we knew weren't going to work but there
were lots of others that were broken in
creative ways there was one where uh
Spider-Man Spider-Man uh the hair
physics were just wild every hair on
only better modeled characters like main
characters was like scking out and like
physicing around like this like it was
hilarious that's kind of fun um yeah
that was that was pretty awesome um but
you know our perspective on this product
was that we understand that it's first
gen we understand what people are buying
for buying it for and no we don't think
that people are buying it to uh you know
architect a building whatever yeah uh we
we no we don't think that people are
buying it to use specialized
applications on we think that people are
buying it to essentially do most of what
they do in a web browser and get really
really great battery life out of it and
in that context it's a major success and
honestly I think some of the negative
discourse around the the Snapdragon X
launch has been from Qualcomm just over
promising yeah they should have just
said you know compatibility is still a
challeng headstrong like really
headstrong too much yeah and I do
understand why they were confident it's
a good product
but just but but just letting other
people beat the drum of positivity would
have been better than doing it
themselves that's I think the big
mistake that they made if I could
identify one at risk of sounding too
positive to Apple um I think as well I
think people were maybe a little bit
more hopeful about this launch because
the M
series uh like MacBooks that launch went
so
well it had issues yeah but it was
really smooth it was really smooth but
the expectations are so different like
well what I'm saying is I think that set
the expectations higher oh I just mean
the expectations of a Mac User are so
different like I could do a lot of what
I need to do on a Mac by never stepping
outside of first-party Apple software
yeah and so that's a really it's a
really different ecosystem and and I I
use that word in a in a non-d
disparaging way it's a very different e
ecosystem than what exists on Windows
where you've got all these disperate
developers and you've got all these kind
of eras during which their applications
were created all these expectations of
support across different Hardware it's
it's a real challenge honestly the fact
maybe that's part of it too for me is
the fact that it's as good as it
is I'm just really impressed right cuz I
I I I I didn't I didn't hope that
windows on on arm would ever gain
traction but it's very clear that it's
happening now I'm still holding out hope
that that framework uh risk processor
laptop is going to be
sick
um we've got a really long topic kind of
on the on the the the call out on our
Snapdragon X Elite video and honestly
kind of looking at a lot of it going
like I don't think we need to delve into
this go read the comment yeah there's um
yeah there we we published a full
response um on the video which has been
posted on a couple of subreddits
including our own you guys can go check
it out there um but there there is some
discussion here you know there some of
the discussion is like how much testing
is enough to come to a
conclusion um you know I wanted to
include more in the video but the reason
that we did include more was because the
methodology wouldn't have been up to our
standards um there were things that we
tested that we didn't include because
they weren't repeatable enough and it's
a brand new platform and that comes with
challenges um so the the discussion
question here is like should we should
we include janky testing in our review
videos if we disclaim them as such um
like one of the things that I was upset
about when I arrived on set because this
was a rare video that because of other
obligations was mostly worked on by
other members of the team
um usually I'm pretty deeply involved uh
but on this one I arrived on set after
having had conversations about how we
were going to do it and I discovered
that we hadn't followed through on any
kind of thermal testing and the answer
that was given to me was well we don't
have reliable diode data and I kind of
went well what I would have liked to see
is at least you know a thermal camera
pointed at a tape strip across you know
two price comparable performance
comparable notebooks from qualcom and
Intel or AMD uh where we kind of look at
you know um surface temperature like
is make it meaningful to me the user
even if we can't draw a conclusion about
exactly what the thermal draw is or
excuse me what the power draw is and
therefore the thermal output um and that
was something that you know there was
some debate about by then it was it was
sort of you know too late to do much
more than you know just a uh
a mention if anything but you know
that's something that you maybe we need
to philosophically reexamine like are we
willing to do kind of um janky janky
tests as long as we say like look this
is this is what they are and I I see it
both ways like going back to the roots
of LT I don't know if you remember this
video I'm pretty sure we worked on it
together um but there was this uh screen
protector film like a like a like a
painton screen protector that claimed to
create like a nano coating over the
glass that made it scratch proof even
though you painted it on and the test
that we came up with um was like
dragging it behind your bike yeah I
dragged it down the street remember with
the screen facing down on the phone uh
behind my motorcycle I'm pretty sure I'm
running after you with a camera or
something yeah yeah um and you know what
that's not scientific
at
all but what was cool was we were able
to pick it up and kind of scratch at the
thing and go oh yeah there is a coding
on here even though we couldn't see it
and and you know it's something um but
we've also kind of evolved beyond that
and I can see the argument the other way
that if we can't stand behind it
especially in light of
how how much scrutiny there has been on
us if we can't stand behind it 100% are
we better off saying nothing but then we
don't say anything and we get a attacked
for hiding things think you are what are
you been talking about I think you just
need to make it clear what the like
level of confidence is basically um yeah
except the the top upvoted comment on
the discussion around this is that our
graphs are already unintelligible to the
average
person our cfts are just bar graphs if
we start adding error bars like that's
thing they that bad that's no they're
not that's the thing that very
scientific-minded people don't realize
sometimes I think is if you start asking
asking for you know confidence intervals
well okay to be clear I I think in order
to do that it would have to appear very
differently I don't think you would have
to be a label on a graph I think you
would you would have to like present the
information not even on a graph
necessarily to like communicate without
words even but you should probably also
do it with words that this is not to the
same level of of okay professionalism as
the other information how much of our
video which and like look I don't want
to start publishing 60-minute video
essays about the merits of some stupid
processor you're the one that wanted the
lab like we it's it's really interesting
to me to see the way my words get
twisted against me like we we strive to
be
entertaining tting things that doesn't
mean that we're an entertainment Channel
we're still a tech Channel where a lot
of people have unironically learned a
lot about technology um but that doesn't
mean that I'm going to compromise on
making content that's good I don't know
what you're talking about I'm
entertained cuz to me it's an
entertainment channel for anything to be
good it has to be at least digestible it
has to be over a certain bar of
entertainment value um and so you know
no I don't want to spend three minutes
on disclaimers Luke sorry run John and
float plane chat just said do the graph
and crayon and I actually love
[Laughter]
it it communicates pretty well but you
could still you could even like do it
digitally so that it's like fairly clean
crayon but still make it obvious like
this is It's supposed to look like a
piece of paper with crayon drone on it
um sorry you're like all eloquently
talking about trying to communicate with
an audience and the perception of the
channel and stuff and I'm crayons I you
all
um I just I don't know yeah yeah I don't
know cphon says the latest AMD video was
one of the better videos I've seen I
think I may have aged out of a lot of
the videos now still enjoy Wan show
though um nice you know yeah I'm I'm
glad you do um honestly that AMD video
is not the kind of thing that I want to
make though this this ryzen video the
most recent one like I I am I'm tired of
being angry
yeah like maybe maybe in future we don't
make that video I would like to I'd like
to find a brighter side I'd like to you
know what I want to finally
do little Tech Shop of
Horrors we've talked about this a lot of
times why don't we like actually open an
IT
shop just just [__] do it people are
going to troll you so hard we make
videos it might be worth it might be
good for Content but people are going to
troll you so hard um I think that we'd
probably compete with what's his name uh
Keith from uh from black uh black lab
this guy charged me so much money you
can open how much of that stuff do you
still have left do you have any of it
left we still have all of it just put it
in the
[Laughter]
store you have a storefront
already you don't even have to buy the
convincingly Dusty old junk you have the
convincingly Dusty old junk oh my god
there you go there's your legitimacy I
don't know man like I just I uh I want
to reconnect with you know excitement
and fun and like I'm just I'm tired of
being I'm tired of being mad and cranky
about you know this branding or that
that FPS that's 6% lower I'm just it's
so boring to me personally I find it
incredibly exhausting any new thing that
I get interested in I go to try to find
the you know the internet Community
around this thing cuz I'm like looking
for more information whatever and
they're always just every single time
it's just hatred and anger and I'm just
like I don't want to be here anymore
sucks I I I I I talked about this in
writer meeting today and just like or I
didn't talk about this specific part
today but I've talked to the writers
about this about just wanting to be an
oasis of of positivity and optimism and
we're not going to be dishonest
obviously if something's bad then we're
going to say it's bad if you're
reviewing something you got to be legit
about it but I guess what I'm trying to
say is I want to be more selective about
what we cover and I want to cover things
that I think are cool yeah nice yeah I
think that'd be neat I'm done with that
you got to be negative sometimes because
like you said you can't be dishonest
about things but
uh I don't know I I find it exhausting
um hate gets views people just the the
whole Doom scrambling nature of just
like you go on the internet to get mad
and stay mad it's just like I also I
also think that that that cynicism is
part of no no offense um to whoever said
they had outgrown our videos I I think
that cynicism is part of why you might
feel that
way like I one of my problems is I don't
really I don't watch our Stu I think it
makes it hard to I think it makes it
hard to enjoy anything do you feel like
that negativity is a is a theme on the
channel right now I I don't watch I
don't know no but that's exactly it and
I think that it's easy to but then is
this is this really change
then um I think that I think
that I think that we can do more I guess
is what I'm trying to say because even
the things that you look at like what
we've done over the last little bit like
this this we did because we felt it was
really important um AMD bucked a trend
that has existed basically forever where
the first number indicates the
generation of the product
that to me is unacceptable do you know
about this wait what no so their mobile
chips will no longer use the first
number to indicate how new the product
is that will be the fourth number
now yeah I don't like that yeah yeah
that's worth making a video about that
makes sense you still got to do that
kind of stuff sometimes yeah but then
this is just working with the kids to uh
fix the gaming minivan this is checking
out an ancient keyboard that uh we found
a picture from the Chernobyl disaster
that had this exact keyboard in it and
so Ariel from the lab like got it
working again like he did with that
weird Soviet Mouse nice um this is
something maybe we just shouldn't have
covered so it's a it it gets pretty deep
into the Weeds on what a dual mode
monitor is and maybe we should just
leave that for someone else to explain
because to me it's not that exciting I
think that most people probably don't
need it do do you know what it is it's
basically a monitor with two IDs okay
and the reason for that is that um
essentially as far as we can tell um no
scaler can handle um 480 htz refreshes
at 4K even at the panel level cuz like
obviously no no input can handle that
anyway so at the panel level they can't
do it so it has to run in two different
modes has to run in a 480 HZ 1080p mode
or a 240 HZ 4K mode in order for both of
them to work natively essentially and
like yeah maybe that just maybe that
just isn't 11 minutes and 46 seconds
worth of interesting and we just
shouldn't have
bothered
um like this was fun just building the
CEO computer with that like wild
Sinister case this was really fun uh
checking out this hard drive with 25
million computer virus on
it the the why did you make me build
this computer in that thumbnail looks
like one of the toys from Toy Story that
was like ripped apart and put together
by that by that
kid I don't know why I may me think of
that but yeah I don't know I I think
trying to bring
positivity when you can is a nice thing
to do on the internet cuz it's just yeah
see this is tough like unique username
says that whole AMD video is the least
interesting thing you uploaded on the
main channel in recent months marketing
is BS always has been always will so
what well like awareness of a bad
practice though I I respect making that
video even if it doesn't perform that
well I mean yeah fine but then so if
nobody says that right like isn't that
my job what is my job then tell
me on like a very technical level it's
just to like get more views but I don't
think we've ever seen it with that way
and that's why you've always resisted VC
funding um so that you can keep
dictating what you do and I think what
you would probably say you do is like
entertaining education about computers
and computer hardware and electronics
igniting Sparks is the way that I like
to is the way that I like to sort of um
characterize it it's always fun when you
go to like a show or convention or
something and you're you're meeting
audience members and they tell you about
how like you inspired them or your
channel a lot of people tell me that the
channel did I'm like yeah Co that makes
sense um to like go to school for
computer engineering software
engineering whatever else it's like oh
that's pretty cool yeah it was pretty
cool meeting and munition and her being
like yeah you like taught me how to
build a computer I was like yeah like
that's sick that's super cool that stuff
super cool um be passionate about your
interests and bring us along I mean yeah
maybe that's a maybe that's a mission
statement for the channel from run Jun
over on float plane I like that that's
good good job Ron joh yeah like and you
know what we've we've sidetracked some
of theu that I'm really passionate about
because various reasons it's a lot of
work or we're not sure how many people
are interested but like maybe I should
just say you know what forget it we're
making a video about stereoscopic 3D
projection in 2024 you've always been on
the 3D stuff look okay
look
stop you caring you caring that much
though in my opinion is a pretty good
reason to do it I think here's why it's
cool
stop what
a be a good
boy here's why it's
cool okay 3D Blu-rays still get released
for the yes yes they do what yes you can
get like Despicable Me at least three uh
hold on let's see Despicable Me for 3D
or wait is that one not out yet yeah so
you can get you can get the most recent
Despicable Me in 3D Despicable Me 4 is
probably coming in 3D according to this
post on forum. blu-ray.com Despicable
me3 is from like 7 years ago okay okay
hold on
okay uh blue tyan said in PH chat if the
host is interested people are way more
likely to be interested um if you are
interested in talking to somebody about
it it's highly likely they will become
IND I do generally agree with that one
of the problems is getting people to
click on it at all um okay new Blu-ray
3D releases this year a Creature from
the Black Lagoon 3D came out in March of
2024 okay 3D Blu-rays are still coming
so there has to be some type of a market
because technically some of them are
being released yes um nice okay so
that's that's something okay okay number
two last year so not CES of this year
but CES of the previous year we made a
video that got buried because of some
dispute between Asus and Nvidia over
what could or couldn't be disclosed
about the laptop let me just put it this
way oh so it uh yeah anyway the laptop
had a stereoscopic 3D screen on it and
it was super super cool it was it was
the first justification that I've ever
scene of a 4K screen on a laptop it used
ey tracking to um change the perspective
of every other eye so that every other
line uh was going to the right and every
other line was going to the left and it
was Glasses free 3D um and it could like
steer so you could move your head around
and it wouldn't break the 3d effect it
was really incredible anyway one of the
demos that they were showing was like a
middle wear of some sort like some some
that you can run that converts
non-stereo 3D games to 3D and so what
if you could build like a king tier
stereo 3D gaming setup in
2024 okay all right well you know what
whatever I'm doing it yeah do it I'm
doing it I can already tell you sourcing
a 3D compatible screen not easy these
days sourcing the polarizing filters not
easy these days getting a 3D compatible
projector is pretty doable because
pretty much any DLP will work pretty
well unfortunately not my Epson LS1
12000 I have already tested it and this
is going to be at least a two-part
series darn it
because so I know I know AJ's in the
chat I know today AJ we talked about
many many many many things that we need
to do but at the top of that list I
think you need to make it so that uh
flow plane live streaming is 3D
compatible so that we can see how much
we can make that
cost okay and reason number
three is that with VR headsets becoming
somewhat mainstream is I believe there's
going to be a 3D content Resurgence a 3D
content Resurgence with iPhones being
capable of
recording three I mean excuse me spatial
video I think there's actually going to
be a lot of content to watch there
got
him I didn't really get him he's not
convinced but it'll be cool it'll be
cool and I don't think I don't think
we're going to what if we have like some
form of like a uh a Time budget for like
just passion project content every once
in a while I just think it should just
all be passion project right let's just
do away with the stuff that's like
boring yeah and so you know what this is
going to manifest as if a new CPU comes
out and we don't
care we're just not going to cover
it yeah which is going to be I think a
bit of an adjustment uh and we've
already kind of done it if you think
about it it wasn't really on purpose I
think you started with gpus yeah Intel's
14th gen oh we just yeah didn't yeah we
did a bunch of testing on it and in the
long term we would love for the lab's
website to have charts and everything so
you can like know how it performs or
whatever um but it was pretty obviously
just a 13th gen in 14th clothing and we
so we did a bunch of testing on it and
then it turned out that there was some
kind of like micro code update or or the
BIOS we were using on the on the
particular board we used anyway we had
to like retest so then we did that but
then it was past the Embargo and then we
were like do we even want to bother with
this and while we were humming in hawing
um we had the new data and then Intel
released like some software utility that
like core steers and and improves gaming
performance or something which was
exclusive to that generation and was not
going to go to 13th gen even though
there was no architectural reason why
they couldn't and then that came out and
we were like okay so we're going to have
to test this a third time for some
boring video that no one cares about and
then and then a little while later they
made that application available to P gen
processors in their own lineup so we
would had to like go and retest those
and we were sitting here
going does anyone forget it
like yeah forget it um so yeah I think I
think just a chart on a website is going
to be the answer in the longer term and
and you'll still see them appear in
videos we needed the best CPU at you
know 300 watts so or whatever or for
like this game or this application or
for this particular game and so that's
why building a computer into a van again
and the little man likes to play this
particular game so this station needs to
be good at this yeah that sort of thing
so you'll you'll still see it make its
way into the content but I think that
we're just going to we're going to stay
focused on on what we actually want to
do like okay I want to do a convection
cooled computer cool yeah for the
theater room I'd click on that
immediately yeah sick so why am I not
why are we spending a bunch of like you
know Justin's time doing something no
one cares about when instead we can like
take that idea that someone had on
Reddit of like cooling a GPU with like a
giant copper chunk which by the way
isn't going to work um but like make a
cooler for a GPU that like is like this
wide and just takes passive air flow and
just convection cools it that would be
way better yeah yeah sweet
yeah yeah speaking of the lab man it is
pretty exciting to see it finally
starting to come into its own there was
a there was a Reddit thread just
appreciating the lab um and the thing is
that not everyone is going to agree with
every methodology which is why we have
always said guys always said that you
want multiple perspectives some people
are going to look at our 720p YouTube
endurance test and they're going to go
well that's not representative and it's
like well yeah it's representative of
what we want to know which is in a best
case scenario which is functionally like
idling but you can't turn off any radios
you can't turn off the screen
everything's in motion uh what is the
absolute longest that something could
last that's that's what we want to know
so for what we want to know that's a
good test but someone else might want to
know something else which is why
multiple perspectives are so important
and why it's not
just one single truth especially for can
be as varied and complicated as a laptop
exactly there so many different reasons
why someone might care so this was a
really cool thread to see from disaster
84 um Labs is pretty great um so they
finally finally made their way over to
the page
um and you know I was looking at it
going I feel exactly the same way it is
super cool to see content starting to
regularly appear on the site not because
millions of people are reading every one
of these but because people are getting
really important information we still
haven't even technically like full
launched the site this power supply um
the power supplies that we're testing
are alternating so you'll actually
notice there's a pattern every other one
is from like a like a a major brand and
every other one is from a brand that or
or a model that appears to be selling
very well based on the external data
that we can glean from uh Marketplace
websites like Amazon and New Egg and
wherever else um so that's why you're
seeing half of them be kind of random we
have already found three power supplies
that failed our testing outright across
two different samples so this S one is
another example um people are spending
$100 on this power supply on NewEgg and
Amazon both of them both of our units
failed during our 20 C ocp test if your
overcurrent protection isn't working
that's a big problem and so seeing the
labs already starting to bring this
information to people is so exciting to
me can you go back to that s power
supply yeah I was sitting here just
rather surp I don't do product reviewing
stuff anymore so I don't know
but I I saw all the text under the bad
and my eyes sucks so I couldn't read it
but you were saying um it failed yeah I
thought this was a SE Sonic po SP look
at the logo I know right you said Sama
and I was like what yeah it makes more
sense to me when you said that but this
sketchy 80 plus Platinum looking 10 year
warranty 10 warrant warant yeah so they
kind of make it look like yeah right
they make it look like a seic platinum
the logos are like identical but
reversed yeah that's that's rough man
ridiculous yeah I don't even think it's
reversed Casper Explorer goes versus I
thought apparently it says Platinum 10
plus yeah whatever that means what oh no
10 year oh I don't no no no I don't know
um
here let me see what that's rough though
yeah here here here here here so they
put up they put like a platinum looking
thing 10 year warranty next to the 80
plus gold yeah 80 plus gold is good yeah
anyway um yeah Casper says I thought s
was good
well uh that's the point that's the
point of the lab that's the answer to
why we're spending all this time
building this thing I don't like that so
we're going to we're going to we're
going to keep doing it but I think I
want LT to be fun and you can get the
bad news in a in a manageable bite-sized
way that doesn't have to be what you
like sit down on the couch and relax to
watch you know
yeah yeah oh we're supposed to do some
merch messages oh man we've got we've
got some exciting stuff to tell you guys
about store wise oh I see some of you
found it there been some merch messages
today neat uh wow wow exclusive lime day
is coming uh you guys are going to want
to sign up on the store go do it now uh
up to 60% off select items every day
July 16th to 19th so that's coming next
week guys sign up so you can get first
dibs because a lot of these deals are
going to be extremely limited quantities
and based on how many people are on the
newsletter already they're going to sell
really really fast so make sure on it
anyway we're previewing one of our lime
Day deals uh you can see it in our
favorites it's exclusive during the
broadcast and maybe shortly afterward
for early vaud viewers but we're doing a
screwdriver bundle where you can get the
full-sized black screwdriver and the
full-sized and the stubby sized black
screwdriver I don't believe we have ever
uh discounted these models before like
this um for
$30 off so you can go ahead and add that
to cart and leave a merch message the
way merch messages work and they are the
way to interact with the WAN show we
don't do super chats or twitch bits or
anything like that you just add an item
to your cart and you'll see a little box
in your cart when we're live and you can
leave a merch message which will pop up
down here or it'll go to producer Dan
who will reply to it or forward it to
someone internally who can answer your
question or it'll go to me and Luke to
talk about Dan do you want to show these
fine folks how merch messages work sure
absolutely let's see Dear Miss Sebastian
and large friendly bear and bus bar uh
sure any plans for water bottle lid with
a relief valve so that we can chug with
abandon without water spilling it on our
face not
yet let's see hey DL I started watching
your ancient live streams archives and
the very first Wan show lus said that
sound cards are a must compared to
motherboards onboard audio is this true
for modern motherboards no
nope are those the shortest two
consecutive merch message answers we ow
another one I have never I never know
which way is going to go it's either
going to be I I I've given you some that
I think you're going to say no to and
then you talk for 20 minutes and then
some other ones which I think are going
to be bangers and then
no I'll tell you what Dan yeah why don't
you answer that last one is a sound card
a
must no doesn't all righty then see you
later sh your airpods all I'll say about
it is that I miss I miss it
mattering yeah man 3D accelerated sound
effect it was fun getting like Zonar
cards and like I don't know it was cool
and you could do things that were
neat yeah um I don't know man you can
still you can still get pretty into the
Weeds on USB dacks and amps and stuff if
and I have a USB Dack if you're you know
but like even those have gotten kind of
boring like you can get something that's
good enough you can get a good enough
combo unit for 100 bucks and I feel like
a lot of the advancement in The Last 5
Years anyway has been just like chasing
new preferred tonalities as a like it's
more fashion and less actually trying to
achieve accuracy like everything post
odac as far as I can tell is just like
or O2 or whatever it was that one that
was like yeah this is good enough and it
was like $130 or something like that and
yes yes in our pursuit of perfection I'm
sure there's stuff that's better now but
I just don't care I'm still using my
like Mayflower
O2 yeah like 2013 yeah it works and it's
fine
yep okay hey dll I recently hit 1,000
sorry 100 100,000 subscribers on YouTube
but I'm worried about maintaining
long-term success with my Channel or
whether I should get a normal job after
I graduate University next year any
advice it's I really wonder what they do
it's hard um long-term success looks
like a lot of different things to a lot
of different people at 100,000 Subs on
YouTube depending on what kind of
content you do that is very easily
monetizable to the point where you don't
have to work another job if you don't
want to I shouldn't say easily that is
is possible um however what you have to
consider is that in order to monetize a
YouTube channel you are
effectively adding another job for every
way that you intend to do that so people
will tell you oh yeah you can sell merch
if you just put your logo on a t-shirt
that's not going to get you very far if
you develop if you develop products and
Market them and support them guess what
you just started a company essentially
right so um you've got to kind of ask
yourself what the YouTube channel is to
you is it a creative outlet and
something that you you want to do for
fun is it something that you that you
want to pour your life into you've
already done the hardest part the first
100,000 subscribers is by far the
hardest part of what you're doing um but
that doesn't mean that because you've
done the hardest part you will m Ally
have unlimited future success I I talk
often about how everyone succumbs to the
curve which is the waxing and waning of
interest from the audience and sometimes
it's you um sometimes you changed
sometimes it's them sometimes they
change sometimes it's factors beyond any
of your control
um if you if you're in there's also
niches like YouTube niches that you
could be in where 100,000 subscribers
will not sustain you because the cpms on
it are incredibly low you won't get any
sponsors on it etc etc but or there are
other ones yeah like Finance YouTube
apparently there's been a lot of
controversy over there lately oh really
I don't know it doesn't really surprise
me all the YouTube any any anywhere
you're making the kinds of cpms that I
see like Finance tubers making whatever
service that is is making so much money
that they got to be getting it from
somewhere and it's probably the users
yeah makes sense yeah that's that's
reasonable um but yeah I I my favorite
one is engaged enthusiastic professional
Niche because when you combine those
things that audience is like more likely
to do things like external platform
funding more likely to do things like
merch P merch P purchasing tough day um
and and also yeah like become a member
of your channel like support your
channel directly so you could stay
relatively small and as long as you're
giving these people content that help
their job or are just interesting to
them um that's an audience that is more
likely to support you the conversion
rates and finances of some of these
channels that fit that description are
amazing when they're getting you know
around 100,000 subscribers but this is
paying them way more than a full-time
job could at that time because because
their Niche fits that little category
but never change your Niche to just
chase money you have to do the thing
that you're interested in and good at
yeah I am aware of other verticals that
pay far more than tech oh yeah why am I
in
Tech is that's what we do that's what I
do it's like if I wasn't if I wasn't
sitting here talking to Luke about
what's happened in Tech this week on The
W show we'd be hanging out at the office
I don't know where would we work where
where would we work that we would work
together what's our hypothetical company
that we work at together today if it
isn't this one huh it's a tough one is
it that is actually a tough one have you
thought about what you would do if it
wasn't
this uh well I mean there's there's the
like what I would have done like I I I
was interested in uh pursuing a career
as a teacher until I dropped out of
University and therefore that was not an
option anymore so you you'd be in like
you'd be like product management maybe I
think that I could have gotten into into
a non um like noncertified teaching role
of some I shouldn't say non-certified I
mean like I have my certification to
teach swimming lessons like I is that
what you would have wanted to do at that
point in time though um because that a
thing you would would have been
interested in pursuing in 2014 well the
thing is we have to pick something that
I'm interested in pursuing that isn't
Tech and so the only thing I I lived and
breathed oh wait so it can't be Tech at
all I thought I thought it meant Tech
YouTube no no no no no it's not Tech
then there's like no way like we're at
some non-tech company like talking about
the devel we're we're we're around the
water cooler at some
place I don't know I could easily still
be I could easily still be at the pool
maybe I'd be a
supervisor maybe I maybe I would train
lifeguards I I I could I could have seen
myself be kind of Co just continuing cuz
I think you would have liked that to I'm
always looking to to move up and it was
clear that they needed some help I
remember I remember doing my WSI
training and having not have done that
together having the um so WSI is water
safety instructor so I was learning to
be a swimming lessons instructor and I
got into an argument with the not just
the instructor of our course for some
reason the one who teaches people to
teach WSI was teaching us because she
was being shadowed by a bunch of new WSI
instructors so we had like the head
honcho of like training WSI and I got
into an argument with her because um she
she was saying cuz we did like a like
this sounds so on brand so she did a
demo for us that was intended to
demonstrate how shocking it can be to uh
be thrown into um an unfamiliar
environment even if you functionally
know how to deal with it and and the
example was um ice water right which can
cause you to forget to breathe uh it can
cause uh muscle muscle tenseness and
cramps um it can it can cause some real
challenges if it's not something that
you're ready for and you know it was
part of like a conversation on just like
being ready for anything when you're uh
and teaching people to kind of be ready
for unfamiliar situations and
um uh so she had us like plunge our our
our our arms I think just like into ice
water
and um and she was like yeah and because
of the ice um you know it's it's even
colder than 0 and I was like um
actually it's exactly 0 de and she was
like no it's lower there's ice in it and
I was
like look I don't want to like I don't
want to be that guy but I'm
in grade 10 science and it's definitely
exactly 0 de and she basically like shut
me down in front of the whole class and
was like you're stupid and don't
interrupt me when I am explaining
important scientific Concepts and uh hey
thanks Deanna um good job that's
actually not how that works it was
exactly 0 degrees but anyway the point
is that I um it's it's not Sal water
guys yeah no guys it
was relaxed it was it was fresh water
okay yeah um anyway the the point is
that I I could have seen myself you know
after having an experience like that
wanting to move up the ranks and like
improve the quality of training so that
it has accurate information extremely
onraed like that wasn't that wasn't the
that wasn't the only dumb thing um yeah
oh my God G freak1 okay do you do you
guys need a science
class okay what is your consistency of
brine remember they're
Americans
guys once it has reached equilibrium
okay when there is a when there is a
phase change okay until the until the
substance has completely changed phase
and we're talking about water
specifically in this case I'm not
talking plasma or anything complicated
okay we are talking gaseous solid uh
liquid phase changes Okay so going
between a solid and a liquid as it melts
from solid to liquid it it is it is that
that liquid is at a constant temperature
and it is not until all the solid has
become liquid that it can begin rising
in temperature again I forget exactly
the technical term for it but if you
have a bucket of ice water it is at
zeroing degrees barring any salt or
impurities or whatever the case may be
yes the core of that ice cube could be
lower than 0 and at the very surface of
that water or at a point where you're
touching the side of the bucket the
water molecules nearest that could be a
little higher than 0 de but by and large
that heterogeneous mixture of water and
ice is
0 if you don't think
so it sucks to suck go test it yeah yeah
you can fun little science experiment
all right
yeah jeez guys heterog genius
Elijah man I'm reminded of that awful
video that we did where we tried to
explain that when your CPU is running at
a lower temperature that does not mean
that your computer is kicking out less
heat and just like how angry people were
half of people were angry that I was
explaining something that was so [__]
obvious and the other half were angry
that I was saying that a lower
temperature CPU means that it's the same
amount of heat cuz they didn't
understand
it thermodynamics
hard yeah
anyway
cool now it's time to do the ton of
feathers versus ton of Steel one yeah
yeah exactly I fell for that one when I
was in high school my Dad pulled that
one on me he goes what's heavier a pound
of feathers or a pound of bricks and I
go pound of feathers or pound of bricks
rather and he's like no they're both the
pound dirt and I was like um uh but the
air resist the packaging required to
keep the feathers on the scale yeah
exactly resulted in it weighing more lus
hates hot dogs yeah exactly uh what are
we supposed to be doing oh right we did
a couple of merch messages oh that would
mean the fs are less yeah it doesn't it
doesn't matter the scale says a pound
and there's packaging around it oh my
God it doesn't matter uh you got to
about six minutes till sponsors you
could do another quick toic to you Del M
says the the best answer to that is the
feathers because you have to live with
the weight of what you did to all of
those
birds I think I've heard that before
it's pretty good though did it involve a
brick no no no no no no no as a bird
lover he's very uncomfortable or not
leave the bird
alone you dunk them in the negative 1
degree
water what if the water in the bucket
was outside though you can have you can
have negative 1 water yeah have you
seen those uh those like bottles of
water in the freezer that you bring out
and then they freeze as soon as you
disturb them yeah yeah typical
engineering mindset answer tinan goes
um that would be a horrible way to get
feathers from a bird very inefficient
have you have you not seen the the yeah
that's the problem tinan that's the
problem with that well they have those
water bucket tumbling
things no like like legitimately is that
a thing yeah you get you get the
feathers off of it wow it comes full
circle yeah all right cool uh what are
we oh yeah I wanted to talk about some
pretty ex water bucket tumbling thing I
wanted to talk about exciting things um
okay uh lime days oh I oh appar Game
Pass increase is that a exciting thing
uh apparently have a couple more deals
to preview oh uh 3D down jacket is going
to have a great deal during lime day
we're also going to have an amazing
bundle deal featuring the circuit desk
pad uh right when lime day starts on
Tuesday at 9:00 a.m. Pacific time you
are not going to want to miss this one
so if you're watching W show now you
have a heads up it's going to be limited
quantity so be ready the deals are going
to rotate every day though so make sure
you check back every day during the
event um and sign up to be notified um
oh Dan's going to put the QR code so you
guys can sign up to be notified okay the
last thing is uh we have been
working I have my mic muted I just make
those
sounds okay I said
Boop Oh I thought everybody heard it so
I didn't know don't laugh don't laugh at
me L it's all
mean so lime day don't miss it okay hold
on hold on don't don't move the graphic
don't move the graphic when they come
back I want them to see the thing oh w
guys are still up there in the corner
here you go oh a little
bit well cats out of the bag now there
you go or should I say under the brick
did anyone see it they might not have
seen it cat under the brick oh jeez I
said under the Bri that's
worse I thought that was an old but
still checks out reference but all right
I guess we have been working Dan you can
cut to us on an anti-static PC Building
mat for the past year in collaboration
with Mod write the creators of the
original and patented modm our goal was
to provide a safe anti-static work
surface um you know like the kind that
everyone tells you you're supposed to
use but as a price that doesn't take
away too much from your PC Building
budget so with that being said we are
going to be selling the LTT modmat for
$59.99 it's 4T long by 2T wide so plenty
of room for whatever you're working on
it has visual references here um
actually should we go let's go Linus Cam
For A Change Is this a final version no
do you want me to hold it up for you uh
maybe uh
okay uh tons of useful charts and info
it also looks super cool here we're just
going to go to the wide cam CU this
thing is enormous it's dual layered so
the top layer is dissipative providing
electrical isolation between any two
points on the mat the bottom layer is
more conductive allowing for dissipation
to the Common Ground point which one
right there and one in the top right it
is heat resistant so bending tubes will
be no problem here above it and it has a
textured surface that prevents screws
from sliding around while being easy to
clean uh it has an anti-slip bottom but
actually I want to back up and say easy
to clean again because this is one of
the big big uh Innovations uh Luke go
ahead and have a seat and Dan do you
want to move the Luke cam to point at
the table next to him where his
headphones are
um compared to competing products uh we
are extremely proud of what we've
managed to do with ease of cleaning and
Luke's going to do a live demo which
never goes badly on the W show where he
is going to spill thermal paste on the
modmat okay and successfully clean it up
so Dan's going to aim at the table down
there and you're just going to kind of
move your stuff get your get your stuff
the heck out of the way uh there's
there's a few changes um that we're
going to be making to it so is this a
final version though no we're adding
some more elaboration to the screw guide
that's something that a lot of people
ask about it's like what screw do I use
for this or for that so we've got little
visual representations of all of them as
well as what they're most commonly used
for we've got thermal paste um stuff uh
layouts uh since since we did this one
the ram guide that you guys are looking
at that's right by my hand uh we you've
already got the version that has LP Cam
and cam 2 on it but we've added um
separate ones for ECC oh NE for dims and
so dims along with color coding where
all the notches are we've got all the
different m.2 sizes different radiator
sizes different fan sizes uh the fan
dots see there like the little guide for
where you put it down those are
colorcoded so that it's really clear
that you're lined up with the right ones
on the new one we also have a fan
thickness chart now that they aren't all
25 mm thick yes yes we've got the
ethernet pinotes right I double checked
that
[Music]
personally no I was looking at the
texture um you can see it better in the
in the like colorful printed Dan are you
uh are you in position yeah okay where
your finger is right there so
Luke I'm going to I'm going to I'm going
to make a mess you're going to glob it
I'm going to make a mess oh boy do I get
isopropyl or something how am I supposed
to clean
this oh wow so you just you just missed
oh
wow I was going to say you just missed
the CPU completely but then you also
just rubbed it in there you go buddy
have you guys done this um I haven't I
can't believe you've done
this okay actually can I have that cloth
for a sec sure my finger has a lot of
thermal compound on it now and I would
like to type on my laptop here you go
all right should I punch in a bit more
sure maybe digitally yeah sure let's see
what I can do about
that uh oh I see why Titan's in the chat
today testing these was fun to be honest
um yeah tinan tinan has done a lot of
work on this project Tatiana uh did a
lot of work determining
exactly exactly uh the perfectest most
bestest of materials uh for us to use I
am uh I'm actually really really excited
about this product it's finally an
affordable whoops wrong one lot Cam that
was so close I sorry sorry there you go
okay you got to not switch it right
sorry sorry sorry sorry well I was
trying to switch it to the one right as
you were going for the first wipe I was
on the wi okay go for it I guess away
from the
camera yeah you're going to have to like
you're going to have to work at it
there's a lot there
Luke I don't know I haven't done
this you better be able to clean
it it might need more ISO yeah says you
might need some more ISO I put a lot on
yeah that was
a you really messed up you dropped like
a thread Ripper upside down look guys
this wouldn't be this wouldn't be a live
when show demo if I didn't make it like
way harder far worse than it had to be
love
it so we finalized the
graphics
probably let me think
um two days ago I I went through and I
did the last revision of um changes to I
I think I found something that was not
an error but a little bit hard to
understand on the fan pin outs um and
then revised some of the wording on the
screw thread guide um we had to order a
ddr5 uh ECC sodium or something like
that
I forget which one it was but there was
something that we had to order uh in
order to like validate that the
measurements were exactly perfect and
then other than that I think we're we're
in pretty good shape you you know you
need to wipe that while it's wet right
yeah yeah yeah yeah okay I mean you're
like you let the whole thing evaporate
before you even scrubbed
it well you just do it why don't you do
it why don't you do it properly you ever
think of that no no it's it's dry you're
just you're you're dry dry scrubbing
yeah there you go okay that's a
lot well whatever look
Luke I think I have like there was so
much thermal paste and I'm having a hard
time getting like even clean parts of
this CL at this point oh man all
right I think it's mostly gone
though all right so guess what this is
the part where I make make it even worse
you know you know what's a real [__]
and a half to clean off of uh work
surface what is it liquid metal oh my
goodness well I've got some more
isopropyl uh I don't even know if ISO is
your best bet uh tinan would you even
recommend ISO for liquid metal you try
to wipe it straight off uh tinan says
the liquid metal is a pain in the butt
I'm not going to put that much on this
time nice I'm not going to put that much
on I'm just going to put a little bit
because realistically if you spilled
liquid metal a lot of the time you would
probably throw the the the needle back
onto the syringe and try and try and
suction it back up yeah which I have
done on a number of occasions
yeah all right here we go here we go
here we go now if there was liquid metal
in the bucket could the water have been
below Z degrees all right all
right okay where's our slot right
here hands BL
sorry well here I'll okay then I'll suck
back up as much as I
can okay but like it you know it got on
there and stuff so you know
a when it was still a ball all there you
go buddy so you guys are saying no no
isopropyl for the liquid metal uh what
did what did tinan say tinan knows tinan
knows best what did tinan
say he apparently said nothing meanwhile
Elijah is talking about bathing in
liquid metal good Lord I used IPA before
isopropyl
alcohol yeah all
right well here we go good luck Luke
what if I let it dry again no pressure
but you know gigantic order for this is
all hinging on your performance here oh
cleaning the liquid metal
off oh no that was too
easy well here you can't you got to show
to the camera I like think I got it uh
oh all right oh there's a little dot
left oh got it okay well that wasn't
very much fun here's
more wait wait wait wait wait let's
verify verify oh no no there it's still
on there no you're going to have to keep
going he still got liquid metal got him
I started trying to wipe it and then
there was like oh you should have got a
lwig swipe bedet then I wonder if I just
wiped poorly and wiped it back
on that's a real possibility when you
have that much thermal goop on your uh
on your rag oh no I switch CLS oh did
you do we have more than one yeah that's
probably
smart I think we're good now though okay
now what people are asking is okay but
what about the print and this is where
this is where I'm actually really
impressed with um I've been wiping over
the print this whole time with the with
the quality of this product check this
out yeah lift it up a little bit more
I'm trying to get like the good angle
yeah I want them to see it cuz this this
is I just wiped over this one right now
quite a bit Yeah lift it up a bit more
though like the yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah right there oh down there you
go so yes that's where I've been
actively cleaning if you're dedicated
enough you can you can cause a little
bit of damage to the print but it's
pretty impressive it can uh what it
canst I think there's a little bit
here there's a little bit yep oh it's
also like scrubbing really hard y I know
but but that's I mean we got to have
realistic expectations it's still it's
still printed um the liquid metal came
off really easy yeah very the liquid
metal honestly came off easier than the
first amount of thermal paste but the
first amount of thermal past was a lot
very excited for this product uh it also
lies flat really well uh we have to ship
it rolled oh we have packaging we have
packaging oh yeah created by of course
the one and only Sarah butt I assume I
actually don't know that she worked on
this packaging but I'm pretty sure she
did because it looks really good so she
either did it or um it was someone
working with her under her uh
supervision cuz it looks freaking
awesome um comes apart like this
automatic win don't all the designers do
that woo do what work under her
supervision
um I think so yeah well I don't know if
Lloyd technically does like he's he's
technically more senior than Sarah but
they collaborate they work with each
other I mean we're we're collaborative
they're going to ship the other way so
with the graphics inside but it still
unrolls really well which was something
that was really important to us because
it's a major paino uh with other
anti-static work
surfaces oh the packaging was Gary wow
he did a great job great looks really
sharp Sarah almost certainly gave input
because Gary definitely um Works under
under Sarah by the way looks fantastic
shout out Shout Out Gary keeping our
team in it at softball night the other
night oh yeah yeah I uh Gary Gary's
gonna be my first pick next time I'm uh
next time I'm team captain I'm I'm I'm
pretty I'm pretty impressed he's uh he's
a player goes hard like I love it I
respect it respect it El's offended
Elijah's offended why not you I don't
know Elijah maybe because you got two
outs on your own team last
time so we play we play kind of a
different format um how do you do that I
I will explain I'll explain uh we play
we play an unusual format where you
pitch to your own
team oh okay okay okay but we don't do
we don't do strikes and balls or
anything like that like it's a super
friendly casual format where everyone on
each side gets to bat you have a
designated pitcher who basically just
like tosses it to you but everybody gets
only two pitches that's it it doesn't
matter how good they were or how bad
they were so it's in the interest of the
pitcher to pitch the easiest possible
lob and it's in the interest of the
batter to swing at every ball because
you get only two pitches no that's it um
so what's cool about the format is in a
in it gives everybody an opportunity to
bat every single inning it keeps things
moving pretty quickly and you get a ton
of offense so people aren't just like
standing out bored in the in the field
right um so anyway one of the sort of
idiosyncrasies of this format which
Chewy was the one who introduced me to
is that you have two pitchers on the
mound
because one person on the team of who's
batting is throwing the ball but
somebody still has to play the field
position of pitcher in case somebody
bunts or or kind of flubs it and it's
too far from the catcher yeah so one of
the rules then is that if the pitcher
who's not playing defense right if the
pitcher interferes with the ball the
batter's
out
twice twice Elijah interfered with the
ball and got his batter out over the
course of a 4 inning game
however however In fairness to Elijah
Sarah who was pitching for our team uh
and throw in some Scorchers it turns out
she has some softball experience um
Sarah who was pitching for our team not
only got one of our batters out she
caught the ball like didn't just like
get hit by it or whatever like Elijah
got hit in the ankle by one of them or
something like that Sarah like was like
and caught it and we're like Sarah
that's pretty good the reflexes were too
strong I went and played once and I
actually really liked playing the
neutral pitcher it was fun because like
if you play it in a true way you are
playing for the team that is batting and
then the second the bat connects with
the ball you're playing for the team in
the field yeah that's wild so it was
like kind of fun like really wanting
them to hit it then the second they hit
it you're like a I got to get it got to
get them
out well it's more fun to get them out
if they hit it yeah exactly H oh no oh
no oh shoot I didn't realize Chewy was
watching he's all upset that he's not
first pick chewy you're good too but
your batting's been kind of inconsistent
lately
I mine has two next Community review
toxic I'm own that no I'm I'm own that
oh dude dude dude no like I I I'm a
pretty toxic competitor as you know yeah
um I literally almost killed sherro from
the sales team yep um y I was there you
were there for that's right you were
there for that so In fairness to me it
was a good
throw it was a great throw does the
quality of the throw Scale based on the
person you're throwing it at like if you
threw that at a four-year-old would it
be a good throw are you calling sherat a
four-year-old
no um that's fair no Mario Kart
Luke oh that's a not everyone's going to
get that reference but that was pretty
good the play was to home Okay In
fairness to me it was a laser beam of a
throw right at his chest yeah he's not a
super experienced baseball player so his
Instinct was to catch it with his
throwing hand which did not have a glove
on
it I think he did actually catch it
though right uh no I think he dropped it
he like like got it a lot but I think he
actually didn't make the play ultimately
um but it's a miracle that I didn't
break his hand yes
yeah anyway I I just I get I get amped
up and I you know I was I was throwing
for the out what can I
say I can say about our
sponsor uh yeah let's do sponsors thanks
Dan uh the show is brought to you today
by manscaped while you are keeping your
Hedges trimmed beautifully in your
backyard your kiwis are begging for some
attention downstairs why are there
they're three it doesn't matter it's
time for your kiwis to shine with the
help of our sponsor manscaped whether
you prefer a heart- shape or a clean
shave they have got you covered you can
check out their performance package 5.0
Ultra I'm glad we didn't have to look at
that heart-shaped hedge any longer than
that uh it includes the lawnmower 5.0
Ultra and a weed whacker 2.0 for your
ears and nose you'll even get their crop
Soother made with shea butter and cocoa
seed butter designed to pamper your
delicate areas with essential moisture
and soothing relief and for an added
layer of freshness give your package a
Royal Treatment with their crop
preserver to keep the funk at Bay check
out the performance package 5.0 Ultra
manscaped.com wow and use code wow for
20% off and free shipping the show is
also brought to you by ag1 are you
giving your health the same attention
you give your house
plants how did Dennis know yeah I don't
take care of plants few up with your
daily nutrition okay sorry I'm going to
have to do an aside here for a second
hold on sorry Dan sorry Dan we're going
back to the wide cam uh for my wedding
my gift from my mother um was a uh I
don't know it's a fig tree I think it is
I think it's a fig tree anyway the point
is it wasn't really one fig tree it was
kind of two fig trees and what she had
done is as they were young she had
Twisted them together so that they grow
together like this um when she and of
course it was you know like the two
lives intertwined kind of thing right
okay um yes that was my wedding gift for
my parents a plant but that's a whole
separate conversation the point is that
when we received it it was about this
tall and was kind of like twisted up and
she was like oh yeah from the ground or
the desk from from a pot pot that's like
this that's on the desk yeah it's the
it's the one that's by the kitchen table
you know the one right talking for them
oh got it got it but you know the one
okay so it was it was about it was about
this tall maybe this tall and um now
here we are um Ivon and I are I believe
13 Lucky 13 years into our marriage and
it's about this tall every time I
remember her telling us oh yeah as it
continues to grow you should continue to
twist it and uh every time she comes
over I think she points out that it uh
for it to keep growing uh we would have
to water it and put it in a bigger pot
yeah and every time I go yep oh yeah you
know you could use your fancy home
automation thing to water that
automatically sure could yeah just
saying I like it the size it is I like
it the brownish greenish color that it
is I am not good at taking care of
plants dang y'all been married a long
time tell me about it poor Ivon my
Grandpa gave me this aloe vera plant um
like forever ago I can't I can't even
remember when he got for me but it's
it's ancient like it sat on the window
sill above where my computer desk was
when I lived in the split one half of
the basement Suite in the old office
nice so like I had this with me in
2013 um and it's an aloe vera plant so
they you know you don't need to water
them that often uh that contributed to
the already what you would probably
expect is not amazing care that I would
give a house plant y um by being like I
probably don't need a water it's an Al
plant it's fine
uh so I would just like ignore it for
huge periods of time and then somebody
it genuinely wasn't me put like a box or
something in front of it uhhuh so it was
now gone to me forever so I left it for
a long time still lived somehow don't
know how um it it has since gone through
like a bunch of things that you would
think it would not survive through and
it just has survived through everything
it even like I don't know what it's
called but it created another one of
itself but the original one didn't off
so there's like two of them now and
they're still both alive perfect it's
crazy it's very like kind of thin you
heard it here first guys uh if you're a
Luke aloe vera is the plant for you yeah
pretty much yeah any who let's tell you
about
ag1 fill up your daily Nutri fuel up
your daily nutrition with our sponsor
ag1 all you need is one scoop a day and
unlike other supplements that just
cherry pick research on specific
ingredients ag1 has solid backing from
multiple studies on its whole formula
these studies were done by Third parties
in double blind environments as well as
being Placebo controlled the results of
the studies are on their website so you
can see the potential benefits of adding
ag1 to your morning routine a few
members of the lmg team have tried or
even drink ag1 daily and if you try ag1
you will get a free one-year supply of
vitamin D3 K2 and five free ag1 travel
packs with your first purchase at drink
a1.com
wow the show is also brought to you by
seic do you want a free PC too no how
about you want to buy one with our
sponsor cic who wrote this nonsense
cic's Prime TX 1000 wat power supply
won't break a sweat in some of the most
demanding gaming setups your power bill
isn't getting any cheaper but thankfully
the tx1000 has an 80 plus titanium
rating which means less energy goes to
waste that could even translate to a few
extra bucks off your energy bill cic's
power supplies are quiet and built to
last and backed up with a 12year
warranty let's go at least this
particular model is actually I think
they bumped them all okay I don't know
the point is it's a better time than
ever to grab one of their power supplies
as seic has been running several sales
throughout the year so if you're
building a new system and looking for a
power supply you can rely on you can
trust seic learn more about them at
cic.gc.ca
into being a retail brand I remember
when they did that and I was very happy
cuz now I didn't have to Google which
power supply on the Shelf was a
SE save you the trouble like oh okay
cool the one that says C Sonic on the
front yeah is helpful all right what are
we supposed to be doing Dan oh I got
some merch messages for you all right
hit me can't wait to use these MCM stuff
but I wanted to ask what that fluid was
you guys were going to use for that
submerged PC you were thinking of doing
a few months back shoot I forget the one
that we researched whether it was
compatible with birds or not oh I don't
remember the name of it I'm so sorry I
don't remember um there's a bunch that
are very good yeah there's actually a
ton of options the only thing wrong with
all of them is that they are super super
expensive I'm going to do a quick search
in the email that I'm definitely not
logged into and then uh if I don't find
it
then um
then we don't have
it Novac line yeah no I don't know I I
don't know Noki might
know yeah that's noac sounds right yeah
noac sounds right cuz I think it's the
like the old school one I don't think
it's the one we talked about most
recently I'm just not sure Elijah might
know he has like an encyclopedic
knowledge of every video we've ever done
it's funny people used to go to me when
they like he doesn't know weren't sure
oh he doesn't know all right never mind
forget it okay we can move
on sure getting ready for lime day Li is
my wife wants to know what skincare mask
you got done for yourself she thinks the
results look pretty good keep up the
good work hey hey hey hey hey hey whoo
Irene said really good not pretty good
Dan editorializing what's going on with
that they uh they move around a little
bit uhhuh sure have you not did you not
see that on your screens uh the one that
I did was more PS 8 um
but
I not everyone that I've talked to who
has tried it has been super pleased with
it so your mileage may vary but yeah I'm
I'm pretty I'm pretty happy with the
results and how about one more hey good
merch # long shirts win for Luke aside
from NASA and the like if you could do a
video series on anything what would it
be also hi VOD
me I have an
answer like for Luke and it'll be better
than the answer Luke comes up with don't
me toed I can type mine out and I you go
first or do you want to do it the other
way around you're going to type yours
out I'll type mine out hold on hold
on I really wonder what his is the
frustrating part is it is probably
better than mine
do I just start going while you're still
typing
sure uh I I think I would enjoy doing
like a micro style jobs series but it it
wouldn't necessarily have to be like
dirty jobs in particular I wouldn't be
against doing that but it wouldn't have
to be that but I I've always like when I
go on vacation these days my favorite
thing has been
to do stuff I don't want to explore
cities I like doing stuff and uh there
has been scenarios where I've had an
opportunity to effectively like do
someone's job with them for a couple
days and that's actually been really
cool so that' be fun okay I got a better
series all right what is it uh Luke gets
a detached home and does like a house
tech Improvement series but it's like
kind of janky budget stuff like they
wait didn't they say it what Murphy
style fold out gaming setups for lands
and stuff like that well that'd be
pretty
sick they're both good they both had
good answers someone said micros Andy
worker I don't know anything about the
dude this is not a like man you can't do
the like someone mentioned a thing and
they are endorsing the thing thing on
the internet I hate that cuz like I I
haven't deeply researched every single
thing I'm ever going to talk about I
just mean the show I've watched it like
twice I I don't know
anyways um didn't didn't they say it was
supposed to not be Tech or whatever Oh I
thought it was what did they say
anything it could be about anything I
win oh I just assumed it wasn't like
what we literally do as a job oh all
right anyway I think I think I think it
would be a cool concept to do Tech
improvements to Luke's new house where
Luke actually has to like pay for what
it
is but what we contribute is like the
labor oh that would actually be pretty l
so that so that everything that we do
has to be practical and
useful but it'll be done on a Luke
budget that so I get to like basically
troll you guys that would be sick that
would actually be pretty fun
probably very excited I don't know let's
do one more here okay um what might be
the most atrocious Tech that you see
being used consistently on a day-to-day
that should not legitimately
exist oh man I feel like the troll
response is like consoles
but I like should not exist I can't
think of too many things that shouldn't
exist I mean I'm a I'm a firm believer
that well okay not entirely but for the
most part I I believe that there's no
such thing as a bad product just a bad
price right like that at the right price
anything can make sense um I mean I I
hate seeing you know any device that
ships with you know an out ofd insecure
operating system on it so you know a lot
of the a lot of like really cheap
Android devices that are running ancient
versions of Android I I that very much
is used on a daily basis by many people
and you mean like non- upgradable to a
safe version yeah exactly so things like
uh we we did a whole video on those
sketchy um like Android TV boxes and
stuff like that that are running ancient
versions of Android that
probably have back doors and all kinds
of phone home behaviors in them and
people buy them because they want to
watch pirated streams and stuff like
that but what are they giving up we we
don't even really know yeah yeah I was
going to say
computers thanks Dan they're evil really
helpful you should probably find a
different line of work if you don't want
to deal with computers evil I've spent
my whole life trying to contain them hey
um speaking of spending your whole life
I've got an exciting project for
us um one of the things one of the
things that died during the flood of my
server rack wait did I already talk
about this last week uh did I talk about
the eBay ups I don't think so no okay
you talked about the story of the the
thing dying so I shot the video this
week with my my son actually was a
helper uh tearing down and checking the
various systems for corrosion and I'm
not going to spoil too much of the video
other than to say that it's going to
blow your mind and it raises more
questions than it answers so make sure
you watch it um but one of the things
that died is the UPS at the bottom of
the rack it's a 9x P5 something I don't
know it's some eaten 5,000 watt um
ups and I went on eBay to find out how
much those are worth um because I hadn't
looked at it in a while and I forgot
yeah cool five grand that is unless you
can find a ship damaged one that got the
absolute kicked out of it from some like
you going to swap the chassis or
something discount discount server
equipment
place and you make them a lowball offer
of
$300 what and then you use your good
chassis yeah and you put nonwater
damaged boards in it so Dan Do you want
to build a UPS with me heck yeah let's
do it all right that sounds a lot of fun
yeah D Dan has so much work to do I'm
going to save
$4,300 or
$4,700 this does this does sound uh
worthy of Dan time stay of the path says
sounds dangerous AF why do you think I
want Dan to help me that man he's going
to make sure the Caps don't discharge
themselves into my eyeballs I'll wear a
red shirt it'll be fine oh no um don't
do that Luke we could use this this is a
um like an exercise in figuring out the
entire
process oh yeah Dan could participate
look at this guy I don't even have to do
task he does it himself double work
double
work more efficiency yes boss could I
have more work please please sir no you
have to finish your first war before you
can have more work give me your boots to
lick oh no oh no um you already missed
the part where I sent a random email to
James in the middle of the night
pitching the video so you'll have to put
that on your
[Music]
flowchart any oh God yeah okay will that
come up in the writers meeting on Monday
no is that when it would come up writers
meetings are on Friday and are the
reason I was late for w show today on
Monday there one on Monday I don't know
what happens on Monday I work from home
on Mondays isn't there one on Monday I
don't know am I wrong Dan you move it
from Monday to Friday I don't know maybe
I'm just bugging you I no I I probably
just don't know I I think at some point
writer's meeting was on Mondays I think
okay yeah I don't know Elijah would
actually probably know better than me
that meeting at the start of the chart
do you know when that is nope okay uh I
just know that it's the the first part
okay yeah I if it happens on Friday
basic what I'm saying is would it wait
to come up in that
meeting um you've already made a Trello
card for it maybe not necessarily if I'm
just like this is green lit because
procurement is buying this now there
there should be a path for that actually
because we we actually do want that to
be able to be a thing because that will
increase
agility good you want to be able on the
floor over there oh yeah I'm not saying
necessarily do it now Crystal dou work
I'm going to forget Crystal D work
during when says writers meetings have
typically been Mondays who the devil are
you I
don't who is it Crystal d Fier 88 if you
work here you need to reach out and get
your account um badged so that people
can yes know that um anyway on the
subject of shooting with my son for that
video which was a lot of fun um viewers
and actually people internally have
noticed and and commented to me about uh
you know what's with Linus's kids being
in the videos more recently um uh they
were all in the gaming minivan video and
then my son was in the flooded server
video um and someone on someone on staff
asked me Point Blank like are you are
you priming them to take over the family
business is little man becoming big man
yeah I um and the I I don't know it was
an interesting question one that I have
thought about in the past but honestly
haven't really thought about in a while
since they hadn't seemed that interested
for a pretty long period yeah and the
answer is no uh I'm not a believer in um
in the the Merit of nepotism uh I don't
think that it is a particularly valuable
thing what if one of them applied well
then I would expect us to give them a
fair shot like we would any other
applicant um isn't that against the
handbook is what against the handbook
hiring family members oh that's
interesting I think it's a team thing it
might be it might be related yeah I know
there's a lot of like a different
department cares what what would your
would you be on the should be an
accountant that' be fun I have no idea
what team are you on are you on all of
the teams I don't know I don't know I
think I just sit on an island I think
company structure-wise you're on an
island yeah so I don't think I'm on any
team yeah okay well so then I guess I
don't
count yeah I think I don't I don't know
Technic I think technically like company
structure treewise that is
legitimate um you couldn't hire him to
be a sea
level that would be on your tree cuz
that's your like Department uh no I
don't think it is I don't think any of
the sea levels report to me they all
report to yeah but you're in the other
if you were on the writing team other
writers might not report into you but
you're on that team so what he's saying
is you're on like the staff team I don't
that might actually be legit no I think
he's above everybody right cuz every
Department reports but this this gets
into the weird part of like is he two
people yeah am I two people yeah cuz
he's the owner and he's one of the
employes I report to Taran but Taran
reports to ownership yeah anyway I don't
know the point is don't know that um
they have expressed a little bit more
interest lately and it was super fun
working on you know
explaining um you know potential
theories for how galvanic corrosion
might occur in a closed loop where
there's no obvious mixed Metals um it
was cool kind of walking through the
troubleshooting steps and um one of the
things that people a lot of people
noticed on the minivan video was that
kids um especially inquisitive ones open
up opportunities for conversations that
aren't always there if you don't have
someone inexperienced who's who's who's
there to ask the question it's funny
because this is something that I've
known for a long time I remember talking
to um Seth C
back when we did that build where I
walked him through how to build a PC and
and what I what I told him I don't
remember if it was in the video or if it
was after the video but what I told him
was I thought it was so cool that he was
willing to be as someone with the kind
of profile that he has right uh where
anything he says or does can be
misconstrued I told him I thought it was
so cool that as someone with the profile
that he has he was willing to put
himself out there do something he has no
experience with something ask stupid
questions that other people are afraid
to ask for fear of looking or sounding
dumb and then absorb and learn and and
push himself to do it like um I remember
it taking a lot longer or looked like it
was going to take a lot longer than we
had budgeted because he insisted on
doing uh the AO mounting himself even
though the whole thing was like like he
was very protected on his side by I
think as Sue sponsored it back then and
they were like ready to LEAP in and do
it for him if to make sure the product
didn't look too bad or whatever right
um but he like insisted on doing it
himself and I just I thought that was
really cool because um a lot of people
look up like it or not a lot of people
look up to athletes as role models and I
thought that he was modeling a really
cool uh a cool really cool approach
totally um but one of the things that
was great for me co-hosting that video
was that him asking questions gave me a
reason to answer them it gave me an
excuse to talk about things that I
wouldn't have if I was just standing
there by myself building a computer and
the kids do a really good job of that
because they're naturally inquisitive
they want to know what things are they
want to know how they work and they give
me a reason to talk about stuff that
otherwise a really longtime viewer might
kind of sit and go okay why is he
explaining what an LTE Puck is right
well I'm explaining because not
everybody knows and it's a way to
without irritating those people who
already know what it is address the
questions that realistically a lot of
like kind of flyby viewers who aren't
immersed in this stuff are going to be
thinking but not even realizing or not
not not being willing to or being afraid
to ask or um you know not wanting to
deal with going and looking it up and
ultimately finding the content less
accessible so it's it's a really natural
to De jargony things uh with that said
there are challenges um shooting with
the girls on the mini van video they're
still a little young to be legitimately
useful and helpful in anything um and
you know my son to a degree is not as
autonomous as you know an adult would be
like obviously I mostly work with
grown-ups and you get kind of accustomed
to okay go figure that out and they do
because they're grown-ups
um but it it's been kind of
have you figured out sorry no go ahead
have you figured out the like
compensation stuff yeah oh yeah we we we
pay the minimum wage we perfectly honest
with you um but we pay them for the
hours that they work and they're kids
like realistically they're going to
spend it on stupid bobles anyway so it
doesn't really matter like honestly my
oh my daughter's we went to a glass
blowing studio for an activity when we
were down in Great Wolf Lodge and my
daughters each spent like $45 on little
glass mushrooms and I basically
basically I we we believe in making
mistakes on your own and so I pretty
much sat them down I gave them a talk
each individually um and I basically
well individually because one of them
did it in the first place and then we
left and got lunch and the other one
wanted to go back and get one of the
exact same thing probably just cuz her
sister did it so little kid things right
and adults um so I basically sat each
one of them down and I gave them kind of
a talk that went it's your money you
have been given it in birthdays and red
pocket and uh by working on videos very
occasionally uh for doing chores it's a
lot of money I explained about the
exchange rate and how our dollars are
not worth as much as American dollars
I um talked through sort of how long it
takes to earn this much money versus how
quickly we can spend it and you know
what the Fulfillment we might get out of
spending this money on this particular
thing might be versus some other things
that we could spend our money on and if
that's um and if that's a sacrifice that
we want to make because conceptually
money doesn't mean anything to a little
kid in you know single digits age
bracket right um however I believe in it
being your money not my money so if
that's what you want to spend it on then
I I will facilitate that for you cuz
they don't carry around bank cards so I
have to do the a transaction and then
just transfer it um so if if that's
really what you want I'm not going to
tell you no but what I will hope is that
you will reflect on this purchase at
some point once you see how much you do
or don't make use of this glass mushroom
um and you
will that will impact your decision-
making in the future one way or another
was essentially the the kind of the
conversation that I had with the with
the
girls one of them hasn't even made it
off of the an island since we unpacked
from getting home
um and I forget where I was going with
this right right right so they're
probably just going to waste it uh my
son's actually a saver he doesn't he's
like super not materialistic I don't he
doesn't really spend money on anything
so I don't know what his motivation is
yeah his motivation is being based okay
all
right so he is Luke says Lieutenant
beefy no no my other son
Elijah he should buy fortnite skins SLS
he actually was gifted um v-bucks that's
what they're called right v-bucks he was
he was gifted a v-bucks card um for a
for a for a birthday or something at
some point in the last year or so and I
kind of talked to him about it I went
okay so we know we don't buy v-bucks but
if someone gives them to us like yeah I
guess you can spend them if you want but
did you ask for v-bucks for your
birthday he goes no I didn't I go okay
um and he goes also I tried to see if I
could get a gift receipt but I couldn't
cuz gift cards I'm sure I'm sure someone
somewhere has figured out a technique
for trying to read what's on it and try
to return it or whatever maybe it's
impossible I don't know but um he did
fully understand that v-bucks are
stupid but he did spend like $50 worth
of v-bucks because he couldn't yeah I
know he couldn't return it and he didn't
ask for it I'm like okay sure went up
yikes at that point like yeah
sure ow oh my back is dead
okay what are we supposed to be talking
about Luke you want to pick a topic uh
sure this show even been about so far P
I'm not sure I don't know all right Xbox
game pass Oh Lordy Microsoft has
announced both a price increase and a
new tier structure for Xbox game pass
alongside
a uh okay alongside a $3 increase to
Game Pass ultimate from $17 to $20
Microsoft has also removed day one
access from game passes base tier now
called
standard really so right after
announcing that all of those games they
just had a huge event let's not forget
this they just had a huge event very
recently within the last few weeks I
think where they announced every single
game that was announced in that event
was like day one game pass and then they
take it away got him that's that's a
huge
yikes hold on and that's not even okay
so they removed day one game pass from
game pass's base tier called standard
but standard isn't even the lowest tier
anymore just keep going it's a mess dude
just keep going just keep going that's
rough uh Game Pass core's annual price
will increase from $60 to
$75 um that also doesn't have day one
access
um though it cost Remains the Same for
users who pay month to month don't
forget that game pass core is not Game
Pass standard and doesn't include the
Game Pass catalog of games wait what
does it do then Game Pass core is a
limited catalog of 25 plus games member
deals and discounts and online
multiplayer online multiplayer okay got
it um
sheesh Gamers will no longer be able to
use reward points to fund subscriptions
I didn't know that was a thing I don't
know how you get Reward Points moving on
uh in other reporting Xbox console sales
are down
31% year toye according to the verge
Xbox cloud gaming is only a few months
away from allowing Gamers to stream
their entire Xbox libraries uh you
missed a Game Pass tier there's PC game
pass for $1.99 a month which does not
have online console multiplayer included
because it's just included because of
course it is it's just like game
multiplayer like why do you need a
subscription for that um it does not
have a limited catalog of 25 plus games
on Console but it does have the PC
library of The Game Pass catalog of of
hundreds of games and day one game
editions also my uh I Oh I thought there
was a fifth one is isn't there also a
fifth one you guys I had come across an
article that was like yeah no there's
there's like one more tier that has
games on the console but doesn't include
multiplayer so you would have to buy the
console multiplayer game pass core
separately can you get a refund cuz what
if what if you what if you watched that
keynote watch them announce every single
game is on Game Pass day one and then
the tier that you're on just got Dame
one gay pass removed from it I don't
know
that's this is great though goo ninja
says I would be devastated if I
cared Le seriously though Game Pass has
been a good value in the past the price
going up a bit does not change that it's
still a pretty darn good value uh Game
Pass core is looking like a terrible
value and I guess that's part of the
point of all this yeah that's
essentially they're trying to push
everyone to Game Pass standard which
includes online multiplayer which to me
is kind of a basic of owning a game
console I guess so basically how they
afford to sell you a cheap computer I
think they're trying to push people to
Ultimate because standard won't have Day
One games yeah I guess that's true so
they're trying to push they're trying to
make Game Pass core basically trash
they're trying to make Game Pass
standard frustrating frustrating because
everyone that you know your friends is
playing a different game because they
have day one access and then Game Pass
ultimate is for $20 a month good Lord
$240 a year is there a yearly plan play
on Xbox it doesn't actually say it says
yearly plan for core and then it doesn't
say a yearly plan for any of the other
ones oh no apparently they're closing
the 360 store too man this is wild this
is wild you know what unsubscribe to
Game Pass subscribe to flow plane PC
game pass still gets Day One games for
$12 oh did I not notice that PC game
pass does but you can only use PC game
pass on a PC so if you are a chump and
give Microsoft your money for their
gaming machine then they treat you like
a chump who gave the money instead of
treating you like a valued customer that
should get good value seems stupid yeah
it does but hey on Flow plane you can
get Adam continuing the rant against
Tech marketing so you get all the stuff
that was not tight enough to make it
into the video uh you get a closer look
at what we learned AB testing thumbnails
you get Dan explains his new live feed
camera every camera we use on set
explained you can check out our cars and
how we test materials at Creator
Warehouse which probably I haven't
actually watched this one yet but
probably has some um nuggets that didn't
make sense until you knew about the
upcoming mod M oh
interesting any what else we got what
else we got for the people
today um let's see
here ryzen 9000 yeah amd's ryzen 9000
Series processors arrived at retailers
today ahead of the official launch
sometime this month but in spite of
promising leaks on their specs
enthusiasm has been relatively muted
considering that I didn't even know this
happened uh yeah PC sales have been
recovering from their post-pandemic
slump but that doesn't appear to have
translated into renewed excitement for
major component launches yeah I mean
considering the performance uplift and
compared to you what we've grown
accustomed to getting over the last 5 to
years I am kind of Blown Away by how
little buzz I've seen for ryzen 9000 and
I think a big part of it is that by not
launching with x3d versions out of the
gate AMD is basically saying yeah Gamers
need not apply and the Enthusiast
segment and whether they game or not
people who are really interested in
gaming performance
benchmarks are pretty much a circle yeah
um and there's going to be professionals
who need the IPC and 12 cores but don't
need gaming performance or the better
power efficiency that we tend to see
with the x3d profess processors and
they'll you know pick up ryzen 9000 for
their editing
workstations except like not a super
high-end workstation because they aren't
going thread rer Pro so like you got you
got some users in there for whom ryzen
9000 is going to make sense
but for an
architectural move you know where we're
we're moving to Zen 5 and it seems like
you know betterer
um the hype level is just blowing me
away here like the like the the lack of
the lack of hype and it kind of makes me
worried like if amd's CPUs become not
interesting what is there going to be
left to be interested about from AMD
because their gpus sure aren't lighting
the world on fire right now are they
just going to move entirely to Ai and
data center and are we going to be left
with nothing obviously that would be
quite a few years off but like it's it
almost feels like we're in this this
negative feedback loop where they didn't
really give us anything to be excited
about for a long time and I'm talking
collectively The Big Three your Intel
AMD and Nvidia actually you know what
I'm going to include Microsoft in there
because Microsoft dude
Windows used to be it a new windows
would move also used to be interesting
but that's what I'm talking about so I'm
going to say the big four didn't give us
anything interesting so we got bored we
got bored so you know sales of
interesting things like something that
really stood out to me as interesting
even if it was kind of stupid was that
weird collab that Intel did with Cooler
Master and EK where they made a pelti
cooler for their high-end K series chips
that didn't improve performance in
anything but gaming where slightly
higher boost clocks on a couple of cores
was going to eek out a few percent more
performance all for like 350 watts of
extra power consumption or something
like that was cool but it was sort of
Too Little Too Late by that point so
we're kind of bored and and cynical and
don't care anymore so then why would
they bother to you know produce new
products at this break neck speed
especially as the cost of developing
them goes up and up and up with each
subsequent generation which makes us
bored which makes them not bother which
makes us bored which makes them not
bother like are we just going to
be is cloud gaming just the future
whether we like it or
not I think that's like the biggest
thing that I hate about the direction of
tech right now but I do kind of feel
like maybe
yeah I hate it though this is why I keep
pushing back against these uh all you
can eat game Services because I think
that's all going in that direction as
well and it's just I distinctly remember
us sorry I I also want to say something
that I forgot to say about the Microsoft
subscription tier increase thing is this
is another reason we've seen this with
streaming services we're seeing this
with Game
Pass it's so much better to just own
your stuff because you don't know when
the term is going to be changed suddenly
Disney Plus or whatever it's even called
has updated their pricing a bunch of
times and it's way more expensive than
it was when you signed up and now you
are going to unsubscribe and suddenly
have access to none of it even though
you paid for this thing over a while
it's a easier thing to stomach on the
month-to-month basis but over all you're
gaining nothing yep you'll own nothing
and be happy though
yeah don't be
happy not with that be happy in general
I distinctly remember us having this
conversation and I think it was about
Sixth Gen or something like that we were
we were at the Langley house doing Wan
show and we were in that stuffy bedroom
and we were talking about the rumor at
the time maybe it was fif gen I'm I'm
not sure anymore it was one of the two
and we were talking about the rumor at
the time that intel was going to move to
soldered CPUs on the motherboards so
essentially you'd be you'd be locked in
and the only thing you'd be able to
change was RAM and I don't even remember
what either of our stances was on it but
I remember the audience reaction was
absolutely horrified at the end of DIY
and at this idea that you would just buy
CPU motherboard maybe even Ram maybe
even storage just on a single prepack
packaged pre-bought board at that spec
off of the shelf and then what I guess
throw it in a chassis that looks the way
you like and you'd have expansion card
still but that would be about it and not
fast forwarding to today when Apple's
upgradable Mac is a shadow of its former
self like it hardly even has any cards
that are worth installing in it anymore
now that you can't put gpus in it and
the GPU is integrated into the S so uh
looking at
Qualcomm having absolutely no plans
whatsoever as far as I can tell to do
anything but completely soldered
packages for what are now mobile chips
but if they continue to be successful
could conceivably make their way into a
Mini PC and then a small form factor PC
and even a desktop I mean if the
performance is there and you get GPU
drivers for it who's to say that you
wouldn't just buy a Snapdragon or moving
you know even farther into the future a
risk five Board of some sort that's a
soldered a soldered CPU
orc is it finally coming to pass are we
are we is it just over the horizon now
the end of swappable components on
motherboards or I think laptops are
leading the charge there absolutely like
hardcore absolutely and laptop
components have slowly but surely made
their way into desktop computers uh
there was one that we were looking at in
writer meeting recently and I'm not
logged into Trello so I think it's going
to be pretty hard for me to find this
but it was like the
smallest um water cooled desktop and the
truth is it it doesn't yeah here it is
here it is uh the Techno Mega mini mini
gaming G1 here's an article from video
cards and it's hard to get a sense of
exactly how small this thing is so to
give you guys an idea this is not a 120
mm fan I believe that is either an 80 or
a 92 mm fan this thing is
flipping tiny uh let me see if I can
double check the size of the fan
so no it doesn't say uh so don't don't
quote me on that maybe it's a 120 mm fan
either way the thing is extremely small
uh GeForce RTX
4060 um the CPU is a cor9 13900 H oh a
mobile
chip RTX 460 water cooled not that
that's going to achieve anything in
particular uh but the point is that in
our efforts to differentiate and you
know build something that stands out
from all the other SE black boxes we're
ending up with designs that are using
more expensive less
modular and sometimes less performant I
mean especially cuz performance and
price are sort of you know slide against
each other right so um if I say more
expensive that inherently means less
performant at the same price but maybe
the same performance at a higher price
the point is that suboptimal
right and people are buying
these
presumably uh yeah rest assured says
mini Forum has motherboards with laptop
CPUs that are killing it yeah I I don't
I'm not sure if I quite understand cuz
if I didn't mind less performance
wouldn't I be better off getting like a
last gen thing but I guess some people
some people will not do that efficiency
is really important as well and yeah
some people just straight up won't do
that um saluna says considering how long
my CPU lasts anytime I need a new CPU I
need a new motherboard anyway so IMO it
wouldn't matter much if they started
being solder on but right but reverse
that considering how easily a
motherboard can break wouldn't it be
better to be able to take your CPU to a
replacement motherboard modularity is
good it's good but it costs
money
um and I just I just don't think there I
don't foresee an outcome where they
continue to want to invest in it because
I mean look at look at
the
okay I'm just thinking back to uh like
um uh level one Tex Wendell love wendle
um level one Tex did a video this week
about Intel's challenges with stability
on the 139900 K and 14900 K and there
was that um that game development Studio
that said that they're basically going
all AMD because all the Intel CPU
systems that they've had are crashing um
and I I was thinking about that and
thinking back to some instances in the
past where there have been uh
motherboards blowing up or CPUs failing
because of mismatched capabilities with
respect to the vrms on the motherboard
and the power draw of the CPU in the
socket and that's just one example um
there's also the development of of of
sockets and looking looking at how
challenging that is like derbauer has
his um his uh super cool low press ilm
um noctua has a solution involving I
think they're just still using washers
to to reduce the pressure on the CPU to
keep it from uh to keep it from going
concave um just just all of these things
if I'm in
or AMD am I not just tired of it at this
point probably most people are buying a
you know a core i5 whatever K gaming CPU
or i7 or I like there's thinking back to
my days at NC you could count on one
hand the number of SKS that move in any
appreciable volume and for the specialty
ones like your your low power you know s
skes or um
I mean AMD doesn't really have too many
like weird kitchy ones so on the Intel
side where they have a much deeper
product stack like your weird low power
s ones well you would just expect a
partner to go and develop a board around
it and solder it to it and ship
it I don't know man I'm
um I'm worried we might be coming close
to the end and I'm going to have to find
different Tech to be excited about and
have fun with and make videos about
well about
servers yeah think servers will be the
last to
go I think servers are a big part of why
we still have modularity yeah and I
don't know how long they'll last I mean
look at the way that uh Nvidia was
allegedly pressuring Partners to buy the
en entire cabinet from them top to
bottom well if that was the case nothing
would have to be modular anyway yeah
that's true it could all be as
integrated or not integrated as Nvidia
Dem fit and if you want it you'll buy it
and if you don't buy it you're going to
be behind the competition in this AI
arms race that we're in right
so no I don't think it's a given anymore
but I do think that it's a big part of
why we still have
it let's cover something else yeah let's
find something fun
um you have any announcements left are
we good we're good yeah I think we're
good on
announcements that
sucks BBS love burps the LT screwdriver
burps burp burp oh what is this oh okay
here's your problem one second burp burp
burp he works on other people's
computers so often he said here's your
problem burp when solving his own
problem yeah amazing ads uh okay PC
build with my talking parrot this is a
six-minute video we're not going to play
the whole thing because you guys are
going to have to watch it on your own
but I haven't gotten to I haven't gotten
to try this yet or I haven't gotten to
watch this yet but what I'm told is that
at some point in this video uh the LTT
screwdriver is involved and a BB is
involved with it with it um these guys
look like an absolute trip these birds
okay well that's not an LTT screwdriver
I'm not surprised he's trying to be
involved is there is there a time stamp
I'm supposed to look at here hold on a
second Apollo a pet African great parrot
a link best known for his ability to
recognize shapes colors and materials
recently decided to help his humans
assemble a new pc as a new PC Building
assistant he made sure to test all the
tools and even performed a drop test on
the LTT
screwdriver he seemed to really love the
sound of the ratchet mechanism that
makes sense uh here we go okay I have
some time stamps here we go here we go
here we go
uh oh that is amazing okay uh what what
else we got uh here's a link to Apollo's
drop
test
nice drop oh that's super cute
um what else we got here Apollo knows
what screwdrivers are made of probably
says like the materials probably bites
it and then says the
material yeah that's so cool
yeah
wow that is super cool really cool we
just smart look in general and they look
like good trainer people I was I was
about to say in general if someone were
to say I'm G to get a parrot I would
tell them to not be an idiot and leave
it in the wild and don't you understand
they live for like 30 plus years um you
need to not do that think that was an
African gr you you they often end up
neglected and they don't get attention
um 23 years Apollo here Apollo here
seems to be getting a lot of attention
and interaction which is what they need
they their flock animals right um so
you're part of their flock you can't
just peace out for days at a time like
they they've got to yeah they got to
they they got to have a community so uh
that looked like a very happy group of
people that seemed like yeah group
people group of birds all having a good
time they they seemed pretty into it the
Birds um so I mean obviously you never
know what things are like behind closed
doors or whatever else but it's seemed
seemed pretty chill also LTD screwdriver
made an appearance in a Corsair ad oh
nice love to see it thanks Reddit for
flagging that for us let's go uh that
was really Jesus bacon all right sure
username Jesus bacon
so is that bacon given to you by Jesus
or is it bacon made of Jesus what's he
bacon is it a cake do you eat it during
communion oh I need like the body for
breakfast all right we need to get off
of this topic um do we just how long
have we been live do we just do after
dark so Ivon had an interesting pitch
and we shouldn't do it today but she
noticed
that other people are noting and she was
kind of confused by how dark we are on
lmg Clips sometimes and she said she
thought it was kind of stupid which is
fair fair so after dark is in name only
her pitch was that we would do different
colors on the background for after dark
we would have a more like nighttime Vibe
why she gets the big bucks we'd have
like bright colors for regular wow
wasn't that a you story a me yeah that's
why I get paid the big bu yeah I had a
colleague at NC who definitely was
earning pretty basic pay and was pretty
much tolerated rather than um
appreciated in the workplace
and oh Dan is playing you're doing it
now
oh that's kind of funny red and blue for
when it's live and then purple for sure
I don't know yeah Twilight Sparkle wait
what um the point is that uh this
particular colleague um wouldn't let me
go get my own thing even though it was
right there and didn't matter um and it
was this like meaningless menial task
where this particular person had been
kind of shoveled away from HQ so they
wouldn't interfere with anything and
just on like
inventory um of one of the retail stores
and they like got so mad that their tupe
was like moving around on their head and
because I wanted to just like grab
something off of a shelf and they were
like no you can't do it I do it that's
why the owner pays me the big bucks
that's why Steve pays me the big bucks
just [__] you talking about um so so I
used to be able to tell the story better
with more details that were really funny
um and so I told the story a handful of
times to like other other managers once
I was higher up in the company and I was
like yeah yeah yeah he I remember this
one time cuz we all this particular
character was a character um and so so
whether it was cadd and
mean I'll let you guys judge it was
caddy and it was probably caddy and mean
it was caddy and mean whether it was
caty and mean we would swap stories
sometimes about funny interactions
that's not good that's not good that's
not good should have done that I
shouldn't have done that I wouldn't
encourage that um but it became an
inside joke anytime we would do the most
menial [__] to say that's why Steve
pays me the big buck
I just I remember like back in the day
you say that all the time so I was like
pretty sure it was a story the story the
story was a lot fresher back then in my
mind uh and it's also become it's become
kind of a tasteless thing for me to say
since I do actually get paid well now
whereas back when I was like getting
paid like a rank and filer with everyone
else around me it made a lot more sense
for me to joke about not getting paid a
lot and doing stupid [__] tasks so
it just doesn't really work anymore
yeah Elijah goes OMG is that why you say
it yes apparently I've said it more
recently than I
realized yeah I probably shouldn't I
probably I probably just shouldn't I
think it's tacky now probably yep you
don't get to fit in anymore probably
tacky for
you yeah okay I don't really like say it
what did I even just say it in response
I don't remember but I oh I said that b
of vongh oh yeah okay she also gets paid
pretty well um I want gift cards in
exchange for LTT backpacks that makes
sense you technically do apparently uh
this was posted um on the subreddit
scammer pretends to be lonus willing to
trade discounted LT backpacks for gift
cards even sent AI video of Linus as
proof oh scammer spent 2 hours to
finally get this receipt amazing finish
the payment then we can chat here's the
screenshot where amount paid $300
purchased gift card recipient lius not
AI smiley face what the hell is this
it's a screenshot of the purchase Mr
lonus really funny I don't know what
you're talking about lonus can I get
that shout out now this is not a gift
card you just playing with me man oh you
are smart what game are you playing this
is amazing that is very good and I have
intentionally not watched this yet so we
all get to watch seriously we all get to
watch the scammer deep fake together
now oh
wow it's both a little bit confusing are
a little bit convincing but also clearly
so off yeah his hair is too perfect no
no that's my what that's my hair it's
not messy enough no his his like skin
and his hair also don't move together
properly look at this eyeball or look at
this Iris it's like over here it's like
looking over this way the mouth movement
is also very odd
yeah it's actually kind of funny how
much of recognizing a person is their
mannerisms yeah I also think that their
face is probably actually this big like
they probably have a wider face whereas
on me this is just hair and I have a
narrower face so it ends up looking
really weird like the hair moves like
flesh they're like super Frozen too like
the rest of them doesn't move at all the
shoulders don't even slightly adjust and
why wouldn't they use like a low
resolution crappy version of me why
would they make it look like I'm sitting
in a portrait studio like why would I
record that like the portrait studio is
weird I don't know what you're saying in
the clip but the portrait food uh I
think it should have audio there should
be a if you push the top right hand
corner top right hand corner oh sure uh
can do you want to listen to it uh yeah
okay it is there uh give me one sec yeah
oh okay yeah sure we can hear the Audio
I think it's supposed to be this one
play the terrible audio apparently it's
terrible audio tell me about yourself
hiel very funny you think I'm a fake but
I'm not hope this video proves I'm not
got anything can hear it we can't DOI
jur oh well that's okay I'm kind of over
it f but I'm not hope this video proves
yeah after dark uh yeah do we have any
other major topics today is there
anything else that we
announced uh oh Lordy what did we
announce oh no this is a good one stop
killing games gains ground on official
EU response so the background here if
you're not familiar is stop killing
games is a movement aimed at restricting
game publishers AB ility to render games
unplayable after purchase they have
petitioned the EU among others for new
legislation regulating how and when
Publishers can delist and sunset games
in June stop killing games was
officially registered by the European
commission as a Citizens initiative now
if organizers can collect a million
statements of support from EU residents
within the next year the EU government
will be legally obligated to make an
official response
this is very cool I think they'll get it
too two members of the EU Parliament
well if we can do anything about it yeah
darn right they're going to get it
they're only going to get it if you guys
listening to this do sign don't hear me
say like I think they'll get it and not
do something yeah I'm saying I think
they'll get it because I'm thinking that
you will support it two members of the
EU Parliament have submitted questions
to the European commission for Clarity
on whether consumers should be protected
from these kinds of publisher actions
under existing EU law the commission's
response basically boils down to it's
possible but currently untested that if
games ulas are unfair they might be
unenforceable consumers should be
compensated if a service or supply of a
good is cut off before the end of its
agreed contract however these kinds of
decisions probably need to be made first
by member States before EU Regulators
take action is the quote here uh the
question of whether destroying games
postp purchase is legal has reportedly
been escalated to a high level in the
French bureaucracy so this is pretty
exciting I was worried this wouldn't
gain any traction whatsoever but it
seems like there's a little bit a little
bit of snow just just a few flakes a few
flakes of snow maybe moving maybe not
rolling yet but moving is there um is
there like a sign up form to sign this
now or something I I I can't find
anything
personally is there something we can
direct people to uh I don't know tell
you what uh we will find out um Dan if
you don't mind making a note for Jessica
we will find out for you guys for next
week and we will Direct you to the right
place because if we can get everyone who
watches the W show who lives in the EU
to sign up for this maybe we could even
do another special uh early morning W
show like a first thing Friday W show so
we can catch more of them live call in
yeah that'd be cool that'd be cool I'm
down I'm I'm excited this is great
because realistically if they have to
put in the work
to hand over the the server tools to the
community or you do whatever it is then
they might as well just hand it over
everywhere every region rather than just
in the EU we see this over and over and
over again where one large jurisdiction
basically goes yeah you can't do that
and they changed their behavior
worldwide I'm I'm super
excited
um zombie blogs rise from the dead to
commit plagiarism didn't we talk about
this oh we talked about sort of this
last week not quite the unofficial Apple
web blog which was closed by AOL back in
2015 has apparent or we blog whatever it
is has apparently been revived as a
platform for AI generated articles under
the by line of its former writers the
articles are blatantly plagiarized
having barely been changed from the
original Source likewise The Writer's
bios and profile pictures are AI
generated some of the stolen names have
been changed to generic names after the
original writer threatened legal action
the domain's new owner web orange
limited doesn't appear to have also
purchased the site sold content and
instead claims to have had its staff
meticulously rewrite that content based
on archived versions available on
archive.org web orange is apparently
based out of Hong Kong and also owns a
few other revived old sites such as
ilounge which is also now posting
lowquality AI generated articles under
the supposed by line of human
beings ah okay I think that's it other
than the FTC says most websites use dark
patterns in a big surprise to everyone
who's ever tried to unsubscribe from
anything uh apparently that uh we don't
have to get Jessica to do the work it's
not live yet oh okay it's coming but
it's not there yet and apparently Canada
is doing this too maybe question mark
well that would be exciting yeah I don't
I I don't think we have notes on that
necessarily but oh yeah if you go to
stop killing games.com countries you can
see the various flags and there's the
Canadian flag and you can sign the
petition and do stuff like that very
cool okay hey we can collapse things in
the dock now so we should do that with
any topics that we've already done
that's going to make it way easier to
process this thing oh I see yeah I've
collapsed a bunch of
stuff
Boop PSA we've all been hacked um this
will be another quick one both AT&T and
Ticket Master were um or several months
ago hackers stole large amounts of data
from both AT&T and Ticket Master the
AT&T reach is apparently extensive and
affects nearly all of their customers as
well as customers of other providers
that use their Network nice the data
doesn't include the content of calls and
text but does include a large amount of
call metadata AT&T is reportedly working
with the FBI to investigate the
situation and The Ticket Master breach
likely affects millions of its customers
in an email Ticket Master sent out
disclosing the breach I got one it
claims the information may have included
Your Name basic contact information and
payment card information such as
encrypted credit card or debit card
numbers and expiration dates both
breaches are linked to cloud data
company snowflake whose servers were
compromised when somebody was too woke I
guess I made up the last
bit things got heated
yikes should we move to after
dark sure sure what do we want purple
now uh sure
purple I lost their name cuz this
conversation was a long time ago but
someone did point out in Phan chat that
purple might make it seem like twitch
yeah do we care no all right I do think
they might be uh on or something but
sure there I think it's okay nice
question for you there we go what's up
why don't they just store people's names
and email addresses encrypted why is
anything stored plain text
oh because they store the credit cards
encrypted
maybe this is just me asking a dumb
question but it just seems like it
wouldn't be that hard for them to
decrypt it when they access it just like
anything else uh it might be pretty
annoying is accessible is it
like yeah I don't know um how important
is just the
name I mean the name itself is not
terribly important unless it's an Ashley
Madison leak um but I would say the name
in conjunction with any kind of contact
information is going to at if nothing
else increase the incidence of robocalls
and
spam lookups get really annoying like
there's a lot of things on the company
side that's it's like really annoying
for um and honestly in in this might
piss off a lot of privacy people in my
opinion it's all leaked already
anyways that definitely made some people
mad uh um I will be the voice of reason
no that's a bad attitude and we I don't
mean for everything in general you're
saying just the name
no no I'm not saying just I think it's a
little unreasonable to say that we need
to just encrypt literally everything all
the time no but we could encrypt um we
could in what I'm saying did Miss year I
thought you just mentioned the name I
did but I meant the name in conjunction
with anything else is a problem so sure
you could have you could have one thing
that is that is not
encrypted but then to your point like
how do you how do you search a database
then that's really tough it gets pretty
annoying um I I think there's like
there's a there's an appropriate middle
ground on this type of stuff um but like
what all leaked what did they say leaked
oh man uh for Ticket Master it was like
names contact information and encrypted
credit card numbers so like if my
contact information was also encrypted I
wouldn't
care like why why do they need to index
my contact information other than to
like Target me with ads or whatever
which I honest L go yourself anyway like
I just is there any reason not to just
say look anything that could leak has to
be enough of it has to be encrypted that
you could not build an individual
profile of a person you couldn't tie any
one thing to anyone else I think a lot
of it comes back down to it's expensive
and
annoying um so it's like
a to email you your ticket
sure but like couldn't you have elevated
access machines possible just really
annoying
um need to decrypt everything else in
this case I could be wrong here I don't
know if that's
true you have the key exposing in use
all the time yeah I don't know um that's
true but it and maybe it would just you
know make that
particular machine a more enticing
Target but like if you only have to
harden a handful of targets versus if
just like every CSR in the entire
company has access to something like
it's I think it's just like this is
information that's used to verify people
all the time for a huge variety of
reasons and stuff I think it's just
really taxing on whatever service it is
um and I'm not necessarily saying that
makes it like a good thing but I I
understand why that level of stuff is
often not encrypted yeah or like okay
here's an interesting one Top Gear 1224
in the chat says uh what about
encrypting
part of
things like so so if you need to be able
to search by email uh you could you
could encrypt
um The Domain that would at least
obfuscate things a little bit like could
you could you have part of a text field
be encrypted on your side two people
have the same ones um well you're still
only going to get a a handful of results
like yeah you wouldn't be able to find
an exact match or that's pretty annoying
ah that is pretty annoying but they
probably wouldn't have the same name
it's really just pretty annoying yeah
okay well
I I'm just I'm just tired of this you
know yeah like oh no I I complet things
the way they are isn't good completely
agree carass I think that's what I'm
going to say it is makes each data
transaction take longer and over
millions of users can really slow
everything down this is a huge deal um
and that's why I said cost more and be
very annoying that's effectively what I
meant Ticket Master can afford it they
definitely can you know what Ticket
Master yeah I just like anytime you add
like if you add a single call to like
like a task that happens like a a
bajillion times like there was an
inefficiency we found in flow plane a
while ago because um it would check if
you could watch if I I I don't some
something was configured incorrectly and
honestly I'm going to tell the story
wrong because I don't remember because
it's been a long time but it was it was
doing like way too many steps when it
was checking if you could watch a video
if I remember correctly it was like like
a DRM check of some sort it was like can
you watch all of the videos and then it
would it would I don't remember exactly
what it did but it was really excessive
whatever it did and there was a way
easier way to simplify it and we did end
up simplifying it but we were trying to
figure out like like why are we having
scaling issues with this one thing and
we end up figuring out that
like as as users were joining it wasn't
like oh you increase it by a reasonable
amount it was like oh every single time
someone tries to play a video at all
there's like this massive amount of uh
hits to the database all at the same
time and it was like very unreasonable
so you try to make those things more
efficient
um and it can be very annoying to not do
thatass says I work with AWS and I'm
always Under Pressure to reduce
processing time and therefore costs yeah
this is like this is a huge thing this
is scary and Top Gear 1224 says plain
text databases are cheap I once realized
I could access the whole customer name
email list and phone number for everyone
who ever called AT&T back like 10 20
years yep oh my goodness yeah super
normal all right Dan you want to hit us
with some merch messages we just stop
crying over here yeah I told you
computers computers were a mistake yeah
we shouldn't have tricked rocks into
thinking it's all been downhill s let's
see Talking of uh Stupid rocks uh lldd I
have an older gen phone uh Samsung 10
plus S10 plus and I wanted to know on a
scale of 1 to 10 how important are
up-to-date security updates should I get
a new phone based solely on security and
the minor speed bump well how about we
do this I'm going to show Luke the phone
that I'm still using that hasn't gotten
a security update in I don't know two
years and I'm going to see how much he
freaks out okay that look on his face
that's how important it is for you to
update why do you do this to me I don't
know I'm just a jerk I guess get a new
phone I I want to it's a lot of work
what if I just smashed it right now then
no one would be able to tell the
difference I mean look at it
this isn't dirt guys this is like
shattered glass on the back um no I'd be
pretty upset I think I have some
pictures on here I haven't packed up
okay so you didn't learn your lesson
last time um about what backing things
up I mean there's 43 pictures on it I
think I'll be all right if I lose them
yeah yeah I I I backed up smash backed
up very recently that sounds like
permission to me no no no look how look
how cute this video is of my daughter
I'm showing off a little wolf she made
out of Lego you wouldn't smash that no
and if you said anything about smashing
that oh in reference to a video of my
daughter then we'd have be having a real
conversation here I have too much
respect for
you nothing to do with
me did you get
it oh I get it yes I got it I got it
Luke thank you and no playing doctor
either oh oh where where are my
sunglasses
free mustache
rides no you shaved yours off you're
shooting bullets I got to he shooting
blanks I terrible joke
true this is this is true look I was too
vile
okay it happens it
happens oh man we're really after dark
now so I'm sorry I'm sorry everyone it
was about 4 days of not shaving over
like uh a Friday I think I no Saturday
Sunday oh yeah right when I went to
Great Wolf Lun so I had a couple days
off so I had like a 4-day not being at
work and not painting anything and so I
let it grow out and as I was shaving
everything to to come into work I left
the mustache and Yvonne came out of the
bathroom and I was like uh uh and she
just kept walking no a so I did it I
pitched it for you I pitched it for you
I appreciate that yeah I I'm just
interested cuz we'll never see mine I
can't not have a beard it's just not
allowed you can't no yeah I have to have
a beard oh I see I see I see I see yeah
that's fair that makes sense
yeah go for it Dan Ola lld question for
seor lonus have you looked into the
growing Market of sleep focused earbuds
recently thanks for the screwdriver
bundle going to be my new Aerospace
maintenance toys sick um I have not
every sleep focused earbud or sleep mask
or like thing that goes over here and
has speakers built into it that I've
ever seen was less comfortable and often
times as expensive or more expensive
compared to just
airpods and so I've just yet to discover
a reason for them to exist
um yeah I've been having a lot of
trouble with my airpods Pros lately
though I have airpods Pros two pro twos
and
um I'm getting this weird issue when
connected to my PC where the volume just
keeps cranking and then I like turn it
down three notches and then it cranks
again but the volume slider doesn't
change so I turn it down a bit more and
I get to the point where I'm at like one
and it's too loud so I'm at one or zero
and it's like okay thank you very much
for that and then I'm having weird
reception issues with them too which I
never had before yeah I don't know man
anyway Hi l DL looking forward to all
three of your frosted tips question for
probably Luke what is your favorite app
for counting macros or calories do you
even count oh and lonus congrats on the
boobies thank you I think it's called
macro Factor um you're going to have to
explain what a macro is to me I have no
idea I just swim or badminton or
whatever I just do stuff Adam got me on
Mac profactor as well I don't know
pretty good with my watch too yeah um so
basically you can look for your like um
protein carb and fat goals for a Day
within a certain amount of calories then
you log the food that you eat throughout
the day and when and you give it input
on what level of exercise you're doing
and it tries to balance your your
calories and calories out to match
whatever your goal is gaining weight
losing weight maintaining whatever can I
just eat when I'm hungry you might be
able to all right cool right now I can't
I'll get there cool have you heard that
steveo from Jackass is fake
boobs I mean I hardly think that that's
even like noteworthy
dayso also
that all right next mer merch message
sure uh hi dlll what does lmg
Incorporated do for sustainability and
what do you all think it will take for
the corporations of the world to do
their part in preserving the
planet
um hold on one sec uh I came up with the
idea a few years ago to get a boob job
and just film a bunch of legitimately
funny hidden camera pranks with me in
Disguise and then revealing who I
actually am
so he's
aware of bodysuits right yeah like if
you want to be in Disguise as someone
with breasts you can just wear fake
breasts above your
skin how do these people reach adulthood
doesn't isn't that like finster's whole
thing I don't know you got to commit to
the
bits
uh
okay yeah
steo collab with
fster I mean
sure fster has real boobs now okay I
don't know who's Finster it's a content
creator I mean
okay is there is there some context for
this or like you know what it doesn't
matter I'm they wore a suit thing a suit
you were talking the bodysuit or
whatever it's called they wore one of
those for lots of years apparently they
have they have them actually know but oh
they wore a suit thing for
years okay sure what do you mean lonus
is out of touch
square I'm not a what I don't know I
just I no I wasn't even didn't call you
that I I explicitly said in the
beginning of it that it like wasn't even
shocking anymore yeah doesn't matter
anyway apparently Finster uh has come
out of as full trans now I didn't know
but that's a thing I guess it sounds
like we had some hints
at the leading up to that maybe yeah
okay makes
sense I don't know it just whatever
point and laugh at the Boomers okay
what's
next uh sustainability what does lmgd do
for sustainability and what do you think
it will take for the corporations of the
world to do their part preserving the
planet uh I'm super anti-plastic we use
as little plastic as humanly possible in
the production of our products um I
don't think you're ever going to stop
people from like buying stuff so one of
the things that we try to do whenever we
develop our products is make things that
last for a really long time uh reduce is
the first one um we are going to we have
and continue to advocate for upgradable
electronics repairable
Electronics there's things that we're
bad at um it I kind of had a
realization that at the scale that we've
reached the number of computer systems
and the amount of stuff stuff that we
leave on around here every when I tried
to change that not even that long ago
and he told me I couldn't cuz people
need to remote into their computers and
I was like that seems excessive I don't
remember the full context but depending
on what we were talking about I could
have conceivably said that we need to
find another solution we were closing up
after a wano and I was realizing how
many people's computers were just on and
I was like this seems crazy part of it
is that I Fought the Battle a lot of
times like I would literally go to
someone's workstation that was just
unlocked and on I'm pretty sure we could
win and I would set it to screen off the
IT team is now powerful okay that's fair
but I would set it to turn off and then
like the next day I would see the same
one on I'd be like what is going on here
it would particularly happen with the
ingest stations they would keep changing
them back to never go to sleep and I'm
like okay I get it if it goes to sleep
during a transfer it might like cause an
issue or something set like 4 hours or
something then no transfer is going to
take four hours you can even do like
eight
come in in the morning use it once it
stays on for the rest of the day and
shuts down at least it's going to shut
down eventually my
good hit me down we should do we we
should and could do more and we'll we
want to do more but I'm also not going
to pretend to set like an arbitrary
we're going to be carbon neutral by
would like we're just going to we're
going to do little things that we can
we're going to make things that last and
we're going to use less plastic yeah hi
all from Burn be which entities own all
the cable that connects the world to the
internet do they not stand in a position
to make the best worst trained llm also
come to Langley Ribfest owning the cable
doesn't mean that you actually have any
meaningful way of harvesting the data
that is being transmitted on it a lot of
it is encrypted and if you're not at an
endpoint uh you essentially are not
privy to what is passing through that
cable necessarily so it's not really
quite that simple
hey lonus as a serial snob what would be
your top three underrated
cereals um I wow I
um okay cereals that are underrated I I
don't know what Cals are underrated I
don't I don't participate in the serial
snob Community brand flakes I only brand
buds are you a brand Enthusiast Dan I'm
just thinking of things that people
might not like that you may actually
like um those those are the two serials
that I like I'm not on r/ serial killers
you know assuming that that was what
they would call A Serial Community yeah
that got superb owl and type possible
it's yeah that's what I would call it um
so I I only drink I or drink I only eat
like mainstream cereals from like you
know kogs and posts and stuff like I'm
I'm honestly not that much of a snob I
just really appreciate okay I'm enough
of a snob that I can tell the difference
in like manufacturing tolerances from
one batch to the next like when the
boxes on the Shelf have all been gone
and replaced by a new batch of Mini
Wheats like I can tell that the frosting
consistency is lower and the ratio is
off wow so I'm enough of a snob that I'm
like that where I will literally stop
eating cranberry almond crunch because
it's too crunchy now and they they
screwed up the like uh the final glazing
or roasting component of it I don't know
much about how it's made too crunchy I
just know that Corn Pops when I was in
grade eight were freaking awesome up
here in Canada they're different from
the US the US ones are still good um but
the Canadian ones were perfectly round
never liked the US ones they're not
round it's you get used to it though
okay yeah they're they're good once you
like if you were expecting like early
2000s Canadian Corn Pops the American
ones would be sorely disappointing but
if you compare the American ones to the
atrocity that we have now oh no have you
not eaten Corn Pops in the last 15 years
oh they suck I had them when I was a kid
yeah they suck they've gone through a
number of phases so they were perfect
and then they did something I think it I
think they um they changed the like the
the sugar outer coating the crunchy
coating and they would get soft like
immediately and then they hard corrected
the other way to the point where it was
like chewing on a mouthful of broken
when they used to like hurt the roof of
your mouth yeah that was like Prime
there was a time where they hurt too
much after the time when they hurt a
little and anyway they they B basically
I haven't actually had them in a while
so it's possible they've dialed it back
in and they're good now but man did they
ever suck oh man honeynut Cheerios
before post went all whole grain and
everything dude as a kid I would that
was my main line I would eat an entire
box of Honey Nut Cheerios dry like I
didn't even need milk man they were so
good I was definitely into the having it
with milk thing but but those were my
those were my main line my mom used to
buy those like super family packs nice
so good nice yeah man Cheerios it it's
always been funny to me to see Marquez
with his back in the day when he was
living in his dorm and he had his little
Cheerios box I was like you don't even
know what good Cheerios taste like young
man sad
sad I weep for the youngers get to enjoy
the high quality cereal of our youth if
if there was if there
was a petition that I could start bring
back good cereal it would be it would be
bring back white flour cereal just like
post just stop just it it all it's all
garbage and it's terrible for you anyway
there's your consumable for LTT store a
good cereal yeah I don't I don't even
think you're the cereal snob this could
make sense this actually makes more
sense than it has any right to I don't
think we could make a cereal that would
satisfy me whoa did you hear that crater
Warehouse yeah no we we couldn't do it
so I can tell you guys what I like I'm
I'm a I'm a big Mini Wheats guy uh
sometimes the frosting is not enough
sometimes it's too heavy um but you pour
like a third of a
bowl a little bit too much milk
and like eat it fast and the the milk's
got to be like like 3 3.25% or whatever
no skim milk or anything like that
because that's gross um but you get that
you get that fatty milk in there like
ice cold it's got to be as cold as
possible and then I'll pour like another
third of a bowl and then like another
third of a bowl I would never pour a
full bowl of Mini Wheats that's
disgusting by the time you get to the
end of it it's like it's not good yeah
you might as well have just gotten the
big Shredded Wheat thing and then dumped
some sugar in the milk like it's it's
soggy it's a soggy mess um what I do
like Triple Berry oatmeal
crisp um I add extra cranberries like my
own berries I I love dried like
Crain um what are you reacting to Elijah
said I use cream or water with
cereal uh
what that is genuinely offensive I have
eaten Cheerios with water once when I
was dead desperate it was horrible and
Elijah doesn't know anything so there's
that those are like two sides of the
absolute most ridiculous
Spectrum I still I still love me some
Honey Nut Cheerios Honey Nut Cheerios
are still good even though they're not
nearly as good as they used to be point
of the milk isn't to wet it honeynut
checks Honey Nut checks are a
drug and my guilty pleasure like the
worst of all the horrible sugar cereals
that I eat n quick really it's I don't
think I've ever had it so good make a
cereal I didn't yeah it's little like
chocolate balls I assumed yeah it's kind
of like it's kind of like if Corn Pops
were smaller and chocolate and by the
time there is so much chocolate flavor
in them that by the time you're done the
bowl especially if you do what I do and
eat all the cereals out of it and then
repour you are basically drinking
chocolate milk that's pretty that's
pretty good it's like the worst thing I
I do not indulge that very often
especially at my rapidly advancing age I
like goolan crunch never heard of it
yeah it's
good um used to be a Quaker Harvest
crunch guy actually there that'll be
that'll be my underrated cial and to
your point Dan about bran M actually a
raisin brand guy but same thing you got
to pour small bulls but but a bow of
raisin brand with the right uh oh okay
with the right ratio of raisins actually
pretty
good
nice I'm more into like musle
style I've never tried Rees Puffs
because I'm afraid that I'd never stop
eating them you would never stop eating
them y so I've I've actually never tried
them on purpose I refused to buy them
yep I mean they're a dessert
food I I like cereal for dessert
sometimes yeah uh Noki
1,119 flow plane chat please mention W's
anniversary the 12th of July 2013 was
the first W Show episode today is the
exact same day 11 years later oh wow
happy birthday wo neither of us had any
idea you've you've grown just a smidge
yeah apparently see because we got a oh
you have a tumor now oh that took me a
little bit all right get it is wait is
is that implying danz or child
uh or the no it's a Mal in our
age
wow next first message I'm made of
cellulos um let's see let's see let's
see um hey lldd thanks for the
screwdriver sale grabbed a few bit sets
so it's less of a write-off Luke what is
your favorite technology you have gotten
for float
plane favorite tech I've gotten for
float plane
what does it mean I vote the work that
they've done on the trans code stack I
think that's the thing you think is does
that count as getting yeah I think so
getting through the work of people that
work at flow plane oh that's how I
that's how I interpreted it okay yeah I
think our trans code stack is pretty
cool it is pretty cool I do like that it
is very cool I'll go with that there's a
lot of stuff though that was complicated
still doing that um some of the
kubernetes work that's been going on
from Jonathan has been really
sick
um Jaden just whips out like he'll just
J's whole thing recently seems to be
like oh by the way I'm working on this
thing kind of on the side every once in
a while and I'm like oh that's neat and
then the next day he's like it's
done like what okay cool good old Jaden
thanks Jaden um yeah I don't know
there's there's tons of if if we're
talking about like our own contributions
it's it's very wide reaching we've made
a lot of different things um but yeah
it's all very
good hold on I've got one that's not a a
merch message here in float plane chat
from kren thoughts on the Samsung ring
announcement um huh it's a ring that's
only compatible with a Samsung phone yep
that's annoying so go [__] yourself I
guess it's
$400 see you
later uh question for lldd I just quit
my job mid shift with no notice at a
hospital after being there 2 months post
College how would you handle being
overworked and undertrained where do I
go from
here what was it
like uh I don't know it depends if you
like the thing I think like I enjoyed
what we were doing so like it's probably
what I would have wanted to do anyways
yeah well okay so let's say you're
working at a hospital cleaning up PE and
poo though yeah that's rough yeah um I
think did they say they're just out of
school was that right yeah yep that's
tough because finding out after you
finished a program that you don't want
to do that job is a real bummer yeah
especially um as far as I know basically
all medical education that would land
you in a hospital is really
expensive
um so I don't know that's tough I'm not
I'm not sure what I would necessarily do
or go from there oh hold on Porto says
it was not confirmed to only work on
Samsung so hopefully that's not true in
which case
I'm um
moderately glad that uh some people who
want that product can have
it nice it's out of water it's okay um
yeah I don't know it's maybe it was that
hospital maybe try to apply somewhere
else but as far as my understanding goes
working in a hospital
is hectic and you're overworked and
there's crazy hours and that's just sort
of how it how it goes I I wish that
wasn't the case that um for sure that
seems pretty not cool yeah beggy says we
want more AJ on camera he knows his shiz
um that was a fun video well I've been
trying to
convince AJ hey AJ hey AJ if you're
watching this why don't you go on camera
more yeah huh yeah you ever think of
that huh all
[Music]
right you we even saw he had he had one
problem that he kept insisting was
actually a core problem and then I
really questioned him on it and we ended
up Googling some things and figured out
that maybe it's not as much of a core
problem as we thought it was AJ I didn't
even think about that until right now we
had a conversation about you moving here
today and I didn't think about that okay
this is getting dangerously close to an
HR conversation on camera that's fair
Luke is HR it's a different
company that's maybe not
good uh
please don't Zoo technically those
people use the same HR resources that
lmg has it's it's like actually F that's
why it's umbrella HR right yeah
um okay I can but AJ you should you
should move here that would be very cool
yeah that' be very cool then you can
have HR meetings in
person okay both of you need to stop why
am I the voice of
reason oh man I need break sometimes
um all right maybe T us up for another
one okay sure uh you want to cover
interesting things are there are things
the audience might find interesting that
you wouldn't cover because you don't
find it interesting yourself yes um but
I think chasing that has also led us to
um cover things that we're just not as
interested or passionate about so it's
finding a balance going to hurt yeah we
need to find a better balance
yeah hi dll I saw the new backpack that
lonus was wearing in the Taiwan PC
giveaway video is there an ETA on that
and is it also affected by the same
reasons that affected the Lux backpack
there is no ETA but no it's not affected
by the supplier relations challenges
it's affected by um it not being very
good it needs a lot of work
I went are you texting
me no
oh hold on one of my Taiwan friends just
sent me a video what is this oh no okay
they just got married that's cool
congrats yeah tell them uh a sizable
portion of the internet says congrats
because I'm assuming they they will be
doing this I think that's generally how
that works couple's dinner next year yep
there it goes
I've got do they know this is one
interesting thing about lon's Badminton
friends in Taiwan is they know him from
badmington
yeah like do they do they even realize
this could be a thing that's happening
right now um cuz you could send them a
picture of chat where everyone's saying
congrats he does like a year and a bit
ago
um we like had dinner and and talk
yeah we like talked and stuff yeah I'm
I'm going to send him I'll send him a
picture of chat right now cool here we
go that's
fun my live stream says congrats all
right what else we got sure uh hiw
wondering what's up with the
headphones.com partnership with audio
testing did the labs testing not work
out did you find they were basically
already doing what you were planning
um we are still working on internal
testing we are always appreciative of
external Partners like headphones.com
those guys are super cool I actually met
one of those folks uh uh Buddy's name is
Blaine he came up and shot a video with
us at my house earlier this week we were
trying out this wild Soundbar it's
called the Nakamichi Dragon what a name
it's a $44,000 soundbar that's a that's
a large sum but it comes with surround
speakers so it's not just a soundbar two
subwoofers so it is not a soundbar and
it weighs as much as a child uh it's
it's freaking crazy the complete package
I think weighs about 160 pounds that's a
very large child yeah well that that I
meant the Soundbar weighs as much as a
child okay yeah so it's it's pretty it's
pretty cool and anyway they they came up
to um to to work with us on it and U
help with some recording and stuff so
expect to see expect to see our audio
coverage continue to evolve I guess at
one time I was a child that weighed 160b
but I was a fairly large child so that
makes sense we're all still kids at
heart I was thinking back and I was like
yeah I was a child and I weighed that
much maybe that's not as crazy back in
my day I was a child line is hilarious
that was the Emoji that he sent me back
for that yeah animation whatever they
are I don't know what to call them yeah
the
reaction yeah
cool couple more for you here best
screwdrivers working on my JDM Subaru
sg5 Forester with it right now nice Luke
what cards what cars did you drift on
your Japan
trip oh
no you don't remember cringe Nissan
Z was the one that I was drifting I'm
trying to
remember I know I know he just calls it
the chaser
um but that's the one that I was riding
in that that Sam it was driving um is
that the actual name of the I think
so wow this looks Co sorry the Nissan Z
this thing looks cool yeah sorry I'm
just shopping right now for cars well I
don't know no no no no no I'm just sure
fine whatever I don't think it was like
a new one to be clear no I'm no by
shopping I mean I'm like looking like
like I'm not I'm not buying a car I'm
just just looking
hm would you use the word shopping if
you had no intention to buy yeah window
shopping window shopping all right uh
but yeah the the cha it's actually
called the Chaser the Toyota Chaser so I
was right I just wasn't sure if that was
what he called it and then I remember
that was actually the model name I'm
just I don't think we have Toyota
Chasers here so I forgot um but yeah
that was the one that I was a passenger
in got it and then I actually drove the
Z cool and it was fantastic
very
cool hi guys do you see a problem with
developers who perform well and do not
want to advance positions I'm happy as a
developer team lead uh about 9 years
from retirement I'm annually pressured
to set goals developer team lead is a
developer who advanced their position
just
to be clear um but also no I don't think
so not everyone wants to manage and
that's fine I can understand why they
pressure you to manage because finding
developers who are willing to develop
their management skills can be turns out
that's tough turns out that a lot of
introverts find their way to development
and a lot of people that started doing
something as difficult as software
development probably got into it because
they want to do software development um
and not necessarily because they want to
manage so like this all this all makes
sense to me
um that being said there are some people
that uh are on my team that I've kind of
nudged to be like hey are you interested
in that could be helpful um and they
have generally expressed that they are
not uh there's someone in chat yeah elx
as a Dev manager I want to go back to
being a Dev yeah I'm not surprised um so
I don't know for most people I would
suggest to consider it just because it's
a pretty desired position um but if
you're not into managing people and you
just want to keep doing development I
there's a ton of respect on that you
need really talented experienced
developers to be leading things very
often and I don't think that the end
scale of everything should be management
um personally so that is what it
is dll what are your thoughts on the
current 13th and 14th gen Intel kks
situation being far bigger than simple
bios or micro code updates meaning the
problem is baked in how does Intel solve
this via
recalls I think that they are up the
creek without a paddle the fact that
these chips are um what like you recall
the chip and then what do they what does
that person do with the rest of their
system the fact that these top speec
chips are impacted while the
lower down versions are not to me is
indicative that Intel has pushed things
too
far what they can possibly do to get
themselves out of this situation
honestly I'm not I'm I am not sure
obviously they need to replace every
chip that dies
um but I think that if you were to say
something like every CPU that causes a
system blue screen should be immediately
R you'd be laughed out of town because
there's so many factors that I think
nailing this down to the CPU being the
defect is going to be really difficult
and confusing for a lot of end
users so how do they solve
this I mean some kind of recall
mechanism seems like it's going to be
necessary at some point here unless they
can figure out a way to fix this
remotely
um this is uh yeah this is a
big this is a big challenge begy says
begy says they could take the Apple
route and ignore the issue I don't know
if they're going to be able to I I think
they will you think so I do that's what
I suspect they're going to do there's a
lot of loud noise being made there's a
lot of loud noise being made in an
extremely small
teacup that's fair to in the in the
grand scheme of things Intel could just
stop making K chips Al together
tomorrow and it wouldn't really matter
it would be would be a notable item on
their quarterly investment call um and
they would say yeah we've made some
divestment from the sort of Enthusiast
overclockable we're focusing on
Enterprise more stock go up we're yeah
we're focusing on we're focusing on uh
you know AI PCS through our tier one
partners and oems like
it's it's rough not the greatest time to
be a PC person that's what I think is
going to happen and um oh you think
they're going to stop making kchips no
no I I think I think that they would do
that before recalling all of two
generations of kchips yeah I think
they'd just be like screw it forget it I
don't think we'll see a recall I also
think a recall would honestly piss
people off
because
um they built a computer around this
thing it would also draw way more
attention to it than probably it would
ever have any chance of getting through
just us talking about about it um uh
other Tech channels talking about it
talking about hopefully Wendell's recent
dive
um on level one Tex right where is
it Intel has a pretty big problem on
level one text from wend two days ago
you want to check it out go uh go watch
it also this is like a minor aside but
W's hosting in this video is also
fantastic I just want to say that yeah
love wendle fantastic
video and last one I've got for you
tonight Aloha lldd I recently moved to
Hawaii as my partner got stationed in
Pearl Harbor from the Navy my tower is
still Mainland and I'm worried it w
survive the shipping you should be any
tips Mahalo take the GPU out yeah that's
a big one we actually did a whole video
on this
uh how to ship your computer
oh apparently Jay's two cents also did a
video on
it but I'm going to link you to this one
got
him and I think that's pretty much it we
will see you guys again next week same
bad time same bad Channel enjoy your
screwdrivers a bunch of you bought gift
cards this week although that makes
sense cuz lime Day is coming up so
you're just buying gift cards yeah I I
see you
tactical
strategic did you say your bit yeah oh
[Music]
bye happy anniversary
everyone yeah
[Music]